---
access: member
downloads: []
title: Treatment 1A - 3/11/26
---

<p><br/></p><p><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://rumble.com/embed/v74vvd6/?pub=5q5b3" width="640"></iframe></span><br/></p><p><br/></p><h1>Treatment 1A</h1><p><br/></p><h2>Blood Homeopathy Basics</h2><p><br/></p><p>We're talking about auto sanguineous homeopathic therapy. Taking a drop of your own blood. Never thought of it doing that way before, but there's no reason not to. It's oh I just killed a mosquito. It's got blood. I can make a homeopathic out of that. I don't have to draw blood.</p><p><br/></p><p>I already drew blood. And potentize that when you're running out. You can even potentize it to another level, at infinitum if you like. That's taking it to a higher level. But if things shift and change in symptoms, or healing, or conditions, then you might want to start with a fresh one.</p><p><br/></p><p>So now you have the resonance of whatever it is the body's working on. Whatever's in the blood. You can do urine. You can do blood. Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Group Testing Practice</h2><p><br/></p><p>Then there was a Morton's neuroma.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. She had a friend there with a Morton's neuroma. So we talked about that and we did some practice. Each person testing and then sharing, seeing where two or three of us out of three all were getting the same thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, there's some information there. It was good. I've done with one client actually, a well-known director, actor and we've got a video of him saying how he loved that he found us. Helping some serious stuff that also affected his ability to be on film. Great guy. He was interested and loved spending time with him. I'd love to see him be on our team to direct some kind of a video, movie. </p><p><br/></p><h2>PEMF Explained Simply</h2><p><br/></p><p>I have a question about the PEMF. How does it work? I know how light therapy affects the mitochondria, increases A TP production, makes that cell energized to do what it needs to.</p><p><br/></p><p>Different frequencies of light affect different areas of the body differently. So how does the PEMF work? Does it work similarly? Does it work on the same pathway of energizing the cell by increasing the mitochondrial output of the A TP? Is it more charge related? </p><p><br/></p><p>So in both cases, we're looking at electromagnetic energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. The frequency determines the quantum energy and therefore the resonance with the chemistry, the different compounds, structures, antenna basically, in the body. So different frequencies will stimulate or activate different pathways. And so yes, there's specific, like a certain range of red, certain range of infrared that activates the mitochondrial energy production.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's giving some energy that's then going to activate more energy biologically. So there's many pathways, right? And all operate on energy. Every chemical reaction has </p><p><br/></p><p>Energy. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Needs a certain amount of energy to start the reaction. The reason we have enzymes is it reduces that amount by 75, capitalizing it 5%, which then makes that reaction possible, millions of times more likely to happen.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Ether And Quantum Vacuum</h2><p><br/></p><p>So the frequencies in the PEMF are a lower frequency than visible light, but the same fundamental waveform in the ether, which they thought they disproved. They didn't. They just didn't find a measurement, oh, there's no measurement.</p><p><br/></p><p>Therefore, maybe some of our assumptions are off. Like that the ether moves. What if the ether is not moving and the things are moving in the ether. Or, many possibilities since we couldn't measure it, we don't know. But the Michaelson-Morely experiment, it's oh, there's no ether. No. You just found that there's no difference in the speed of light going with the earth's rotation or against it.</p><p><br/></p><p>It doesn't tell you there's no medium for a wave to wave in. That's fundamental logic that it's </p><p><br/></p><p>It's not a vacuum, </p><p><br/></p><p>it's not a vacuum. The physicist that I can relate to say there is no vacuum. We should be calling it a plenum, not a vacuum.</p><p><br/></p><p>Plenum means fullness or vacuum means emptiness. And they all acknowledge that if you go into the deepest emptiness we have in space, there's quantum fluctuations, there's particles coming in and out of existence, which largely are particle antiparticle pairs, electron, positron, or proton and antimatter.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're pairs. They appear together and then they say "annihilate" each other. Oh they're created and they annihilate each other. I've listened to Richard Feynman. He's known to be brilliant. I should see where he's coming from. Listen to a lecture, and it's deep stuff.</p><p><br/></p><p>But he explains it in a way that you can understand what he's saying. Unlike, a lot of physics now it's here's all the equations. We don't know what it means, but we can calculate the right answer of what we observe. That's not really a model. It's a mathematical model. Okay.</p><p><br/></p><p>So he was talking about these particle antiparticle pairs that appear, out of the ether, out of the nothingness. It's not a nothingness. There's so much energy at a Planck scale. The Planck energy is huge because the scale is so small. The smaller the wavelength, the higher the frequency, the higher the energy. Okay. So he is saying that these particle pairs, that appear following a semi-circular pathway, and then they annihilate each other. Annihilate. Okay. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Time Vortices And Superposition</h2><p><br/></p><p>He said it's equivalent to a single particle traveling in an orbit, a circular orbit in forward time and reverse time, forward time and reverse time.</p><p><br/></p><p>So anti-matter. Immediately to me it's not being created and annihilated. That's ridiculous. Everything spins. All particles spin in different ways. Everything spins.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's in a time vortex centered at a point in space and time, and it's particle like, just like any proton or electron. It's a normal subatomic particle. Where is it localized? It's localized in space and time. And so it's time is a vortex forward in reverse. Is how I was already thinking. It's like he just explained it's equivalent to that.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's another way you can think about it. Mathematically, what we observed, this is the same thing as if it were that. I'm going to say, I think that's what it is.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's one particle. There's no annihilation. There's a localization in space.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's called superposition.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's going so fast. It looks everywhere all at the same time. </p><p><br/></p><p>No. It's different... another interesting observation. Superposition to me is like it's in two places at one time. To me, it's just that the object is not fully quantized and localized.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's coherent. It's trans dimensional. In my model we think of trans dimensionality. We think of multiple directions in time. Transtemporal interaction rather than here's time. It's linear and the future is not there yet. So there's different models about time in physics.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because everybody's trying to figure out how is it, figure </p><p><br/></p><p>it out. </p><p><br/></p><p>They do quantum experiments where it's clear that the future affects the past. And so then they have to think of five or six different, leading models of how to interpret that.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Muscle Testing Alternatives</h2><p><br/></p><p>You've mentioned that these two fingers are the most sensitive in muscle testing.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it should be as light as a piece of paper in between. But I am having the hardest time. I do have a pendulum. I have had it for some time and I do know the yes and nos of the pendulum </p><p><br/></p><p>good, </p><p><br/></p><p>but I don't know if it's one is exclusive from the other.</p><p><br/></p><p>So number one in my world is there's many ways. This is what I do if I'm teaching. So you can see if that works for you. And if it doesn't and you have something else that works. I encourage you to explore all the different ways. </p><p><br/></p><p>So what are the different ways?</p><p><br/></p><p>I got slide on that and that I showed a couple times</p><p><br/></p><p>yes.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Pendulum is one. Just pure intuition is huge. Yes. Thoughts that appear, pop into your mind. Suddenly I'm thinking of. Dreams.</p><p><br/></p><p>Clairsentience clair voyance, clairaudience. So different people have different abilities, whether it's from even prenatal experience, or who knows. But it can also change. So if you have an ability, you can develop it. My first mentor with testing said 15% of children can just pick up an electro acupuncture instrument and they can do it. They can test. They can get information. </p><p><br/></p><p>So they have innate </p><p><br/></p><p>capabilities. Yeah. They've already developed certain skills, whether it's innate or developed, or it's some combination. And then 15% of people can never quite get it. It's okay, I couldn't play basketball.</p><p><br/></p><p>I can never get dribbling. We have different talents, different abilities, different levels. But by exploring and experiencing different ones. There's no loss. If you say this is hard, but interesting. You're getting data.</p><p><br/></p><p>you're growing edge. If it's challenging. And if you find another one that's easy, that's great. That's a good one to develop further as well. Again, my mentor said, you're learning to test. As you become healthier, you'll be able to test easier and better.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Black Bands And Bias</h2><p><br/></p><p>At some point it shared about black bands, the question of coherence between testers. It's a subjective test because it's a human observer involved in it. The tester's energy is in contact with the client's energy, even if it's remote.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's how we're communicating. There's connection there. They're going to be responding to me as well as to the stimuli that the signals that I'm sending them. I'm part of the signal and then I'm part of the interpretation as well. It's being filtered through my energetic compensatory system.</p><p><br/></p><p>So what they noticed in Vega test method, different practitioners in Europe getting together in the eighties and noticing we have this test subject, several of us test them and we see a lot of overlap, and then we see some of the data is different. So the specific research to find out why is it different from one observer to another in some cases.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that's how they identified that the concept of a black band, which is an area in the body where there's an issue for the tester. If my colon is unhappy, it's got some issues, it's working on some chronic issues, I may project that on people.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm focused on colon, I'm trying to heal mine and everybody has a colon problem who comes into my field because that's what I'm tuned into, right? I'm dialed into that channel and I see it and I express that. I project it. So the </p><p><br/></p><p>the healthier you are, the less black bands. You'll </p><p><br/></p><p>have less black bands.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the other </p><p><br/></p><p>way, three or four black bands, it could really throw you off as a tester. </p><p><br/></p><p>Had a man who'd come here and give lectures and when he had a car accident, it destroyed one of his kidneys, an adrenal gland, and injured the other side.</p><p><br/></p><p>So they knew, oh, we got to take out the dead adrenal gland, and the surgeons took out the wrong one. So he has no adrenal glands. There's infinite possibilities for going wrong.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Complex Case And AI</h2><p><br/></p><p>Yesterday I was at a meeting for Health Experts Alliance. These are doctors who are learning how to do remote practice. A lot of them still have stick and brick. Some of them are still working in the emergency room and want to get out there, or start a holistic practice because they want to get to root cause, and they have patients who come in wanting root causes, say I can't do that here. There's no way. We'll take care of what you're dying of right now. Acute issues. But anyway, so I was there at their clinical call, which is twice a month led by an amazing doctor. He brought in a case that was brought to him by a doctor.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a case of neurological problems, you name it. She's got ms, she's got neuroinflammation.  There's probably infection aspects, and we don't know what kind of toxins, if there's heavy metals. Yeah, probably. She's got a history of thyroid autoimmune and it's like total mess.</p><p><br/></p><p>She's in a wheelchair. This case basically came to this doctor who brought the case forward to the mentor. It was a case from 2019. It was right before COVID. And he was trying to figure out, what do I do? It's if I don't figure out the correct diagnosis, and it's something that's life-threatening, and I can really mess up.</p><p><br/></p><p>Then COVID came and everything shut down. And so he didn't get to actually treat the patient. Didn't get to complete the diagnosis. There's obviously multiple diagnoses. And so the mentor is amazing at the lab tests. He was just laying out, gave a whole lecture on here's all the considerations in this case, a very complex case.</p><p><br/></p><p>Here's how we're going to layer it. We want to differentiate certain things first to get to the those big questions first. Is it really MS or is it whatever else? Or both. Then layer two, we'll do these other tests. And layer three... and finally layer four. We're going to be looking at contributory, triggers and exacerbating factors.</p><p><br/></p><p>Finally get down to what else is contributing. But still nothing has been done with this woman since 2019. Working through that, it's going to be months and, easily probably $10,000 of lab tests. And then still you'll have all this data for the left brain of the doctor.</p><p><br/></p><p>And with AI help now to figure out. the consciousness studies people say that can handle about 120 bits of information a second. So now thank goodness we have AI to help that, but her body is processing millions of bits of information a second. And what we have, what we're talking about here and what I shared with them.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because he saw me come in at the beginning, said, I'm really glad you're here. Not just because you have blinding eye disease, but I always have, here's another way to appear, parallel path. Here's another thing that we can think about. And so I presented that and they loved it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And they asked me would I lead a whole class on it real soon? And asked if they could give my email, my contact to the doctor. He wants me to see how I can possibly help this patient. And yeah. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Legal Risk And Consent</h2><p><br/></p><p>Okay, am I putting myself at risk doing that?</p><p><br/></p><p>Of course, we're alive. If we're still alive, we're at risk. We could hurt ourselves. We could hurt somebody else. We could make a mistake. We could do everything perfectly and somebody could have a problem and think it's our fault, or have bad intent, and try to take us to court or whatever.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's okay, but that's not what we're here for, to worry about. We're all going to die, too. We could spend our life worrying about that. Or we could spend our life living. I think of the cancer survivors that I've met. 30 years ago. I did the Gerson method. I went to this clinic in Mexico.</p><p><br/></p><p>I did this doctor's protocol and. All of them say, best day of my life was the day I got diagnosed because I started living. So I'm going to say, oh, I'm living. And I'd love for this woman in a wheelchair to start living. I don't know that I'll be able to participate and facilitate in some amazing healing, but I've seen other people get out of wheelchairs.</p><p><br/></p><p>So with respect to doing that type of alternate care for this particular doctor, who's going to confer with you about this particular patient, if she comes back in Yep. To his fear of patient care, would you not get them to sign that this is alternate care and absolutely should not replace your family doctor's care because you know that there would be all sorts of repercussions.</p><p><br/></p><p>I know you have some malpractice insurance. I think you mentioned that it's quite cost effective at $75 a month. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, something like that. $75 a month because it's basically for holistic healers who are going to follow the Hippocratic oath, first, do no harm, or coaches who we're not responsible for that person's healing.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're responsible for helping them however we can within the framework of the law. Because in reality Yeah. That exists. It's a fiction, but it exists and it has people who believe in it, who will use their power to, to use threat, duress, coercion, put you in a box so you're, safely away from the real world where they think you can do harm.</p><p><br/></p><p>But yeah. So I explained it to them. There's a parallel pathway that's independent of how you're trained to think and what you're trying to do. And that's to start with the proposition that her body is processing millions of bits of information a second.</p><p><br/></p><p>And we have methods of communicating with that intelligence and asking it, what is it prioritizing to heal first, because it has the full information. It is doing its lab tests every second. And when there's a bunch of data that comes in, it may be doing the beach ball.</p><p><br/></p><p>It may be down, it's processing maybe for half an hour before it figures out the plan, the pathway. We don't have to worry about figuring it out. If we're just interpreting that communication. I'm an interpreter. I didn't say that. Her body said that. And that's my best interpretation.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's what I believe I've been doing for all these years since learning that. Now that's not exactly how it was taught. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Photonic Medicine Model</h2><p><br/></p><p>We're measuring impedance, we're measuring the acupuncture points, the energy of the meridian. All the practitioners can observe: it changes instantaneously when a signal comes into the field.</p><p><br/></p><p>And those are for the optometrists, photo energetic signals. They did specific research to find out how is the body sensing? This glass vial, we put in a metal tray, and it's connected by a wire to a, an electrode in the person's hand. And how is that communicate? Is it electronic?</p><p><br/></p><p>Is it magnetic? It's photonic. They determined it could go through a one centimeter vacuum bounded by glass. So it'll go through the glass. There's no electrical discharge. It's light energy, it's electromagnetic magnetic energy. And so my modeling of that and how I experienced the body to respond to those signals is I call it photo energetic regulatory medicine. Now I'm 40 years later, I'm figuring out a lot more how I think that works. We know that Fritz Pop could measure the bio photons that the body's communicating with that are coherent, that are in the blue and ultraviolet range.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're high energy, coherent light emissions that signal to thousands of cells away. The conventional view are saying that's not possible.</p><p><br/></p><p>What do they say? Why is it not possible? The assumption is it's too warm and wet for light. There's too much light. There's all this infrared light. The heat of the body of a mammal has a high body temperatures, all this photonic information going around. Light. Heat. But we're talking coherent light communication.</p><p><br/></p><p>The communication, the information coming in signaling from the remedy is not usually coherent, is it? But as soon as it reaches the body's response to that can be coherent from the first cell that gets that signal. And it's going to be probably many cells that get that Signal. And where could that coherent response come from?</p><p><br/></p><p>Likely the DNA is part of it. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Mitochondria And Ancient Cosmology</h2><p><br/></p><p>Not only the DNA of our cells nucleus, but also of the mitochondria. And they're as much a part of us. Some people say we could reframe it and say the mitochondria is living through us, like we're the extended body of the mitochondria. It's both, isn't it?</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a symbiotic relationship. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. </p><p><br/></p><p>You know that when there's ice ages, when there's ice on the planet, we need the mitochondria to survive. If we could take out all your mitochondria, oh, now suddenly you have all the chronic degenerative conditions happening when the mitochondrial dysfunction is that bad?</p><p><br/></p><p>But also that 90% of the cosmological history we could have lived perfectly fine without the mitochondria. It's still symbiotic. It's there for when if we need it. It's living. Our body's in great shape, so it's has good growing conditions.</p><p><br/></p><p>It is healthy and happy. When the planet is inside the photosphere of a red star, there's illumination all around the planet all day and night. There's no day and night. In fact the cultural researchers say if you look around the world at all different languages, there's a time period in cultural memory where the word night came into existence.</p><p><br/></p><p>And in every culture, all different parts of the world not connected to each other that we know of. No telephones. It means the same thing. Night means no eight. So at some point before there was night, there was eight celestial</p><p><br/></p><p>bodies. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Celestial bodies that were visible all the time. And there it was a different cosmology, different order of things, how things were moving.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Assumptions And Consciousness</h2><p><br/></p><p>So many of the problems, the limitations of science, including medicine, comes from assumptions. We see this. That's how it is always been that way. Can't be any other way, okay. The brain is essential to consciousness when we're in a normal state. So therefore the brain is where consciousness comes from. It's not just an antenna, or a filter for some other kind of non-local consciousness. We can't think about that. But now you have thousands and thousands of observations by cardiologists who get interested in their patients who die and come back.</p><p><br/></p><p>The stories they tell they couldn't know. Their brain was flatlined when that was happening. They saw it from this other perspective in the corner of the room. And they described their vision as the colors are totally different.</p><p><br/></p><p>I have no words for it, but it's so vibrant, there's so many colors. Blue is incredible according to one friend who clinically died three times and came back. That was his big observation. Observations that vision is not limited to our visual fields, collecting lights through a pupil, but it's a full sphere of vision, omnidirectional vision.</p><p><br/></p><p>When we exclude those data points, all we do is reinforce our spiritual blindness, our assumptions. We can't see our assumptions because we assume them. We don't test them. We don't challenge them. We don't say, what would it mean if that assumption was not correct?</p><p><br/></p><p>Could it mean that the universe is living, it's not expanding? We don't know when the universe started. Maybe they started at a point in time, or maybe it's always been there. We can't tell. But the human mind wants to know. Wants to have certainty. We want to know that we're correct. We want to defend our correctness. Which is why one of the great scientists of the last century (Planck) said that science progresses one funeral at a time.</p><p><br/></p><p>Why doctors couldn't wash their hands before there was a new generation that could hears what Semmelweis was saying and not take it on. It's what do you mean I'm killing people? I can't kill people. I'm a healer. I intend no harm. They're honest in their thinking, but limited in what they can see.</p><p><br/></p><p>I love how everywhere I look, vision is the key to a deeper understanding. Vision is a dominant sense as human beings. Where does it come from? Doesn't a cell have to have vision for the body to have vision? Every cell that has a particular function, a retinal cell, a liver cell, a skin cell is an expression of the same exact genes, with different epigenetics, different genes turned on, others turned off.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's specialized in expressing one one of those functions, or multiple functions that every cell has potential for. Like a pluripotent stem cell that can become any kind of cell. Every cell has the same DNA, but some is turned on. Some's turned off.</p><p><br/></p><p>So one of the ways is bio communication by you being a surrogate for the client. The other one is the cradle. Now, would the cradle be something like a reflexology capability. Is the cradle evaluating a reflexology map? </p><p><br/></p><p>I would say no as the first order. It's is it related? Yes. Because if the universe is fractal, holographic, it means every part is similar to every other part. And that's the basis of reflexology, right?</p><p><br/></p><p>That you have this map of the whole body on the hand or on the foot? Yes. On here or on the iris or </p><p><br/></p><p>on the mouth? </p><p><br/></p><p>On, yep. On the sclera. And what I'm saying is every cell has the DNA that's active in every other part of the body. And when that cell can't see the body, it doesn't know which DNA to turn on and turn off. It doesn't know where it is. So it becomes a cancer cell. It differentiates, right? It can't be a liver cell, or a lung cell, or whatever it's supposed to be anymore. Because it doesn't see the rest of the body. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Treatment Versus Diagnosis</h2><p><br/></p><p>The topic that we want to dive into is treatment, which is what we're talking about with this group yesterday morning.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're saying treatment. How are we going to treat this case? Oh my God, we have to diagnose it. We're at risk. We could lose everything if we don't diagnose it right first. So we can't do anything. We're stopped by needing to know exactly what's happening, the difference between these different possible conditions and how many of them she has, how they're interacting.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wow that's near impossible. Made impossible by COVID. And now, coming back to the doctor with the case, talking to my friend who's, has me as his go-to guy to handle the class if his mother's in the hospital suddenly, or he is got to travel on that week or whatever.</p><p><br/></p><p>So I've presented a few classes and really happy to be there. It is a group of functional medicine people. A good portion of them do the the voice scan. Not a lot, but there's a good portion. In fact, that's how I learned about his organization was, oh, they were going to be exhibiting at his meeting and, promoting it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I said, a meeting where energy for life has a booth for meeting with functional medicine doctors who are focused on the transition into virtual practice. Oh my God. I've been doing virtual practice since before there was an internet, like 1980s.</p><p><br/></p><p>I learned when I moved to the West Coast ,and had clients in New York, in New England, still. I have to go. It's the first time in years that I traveled. I went to their meeting in Atlanta a couple years ago, joined the group, spent a year with them. I've put probably well over a million dollars over the years into that kind of thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>And marketing things like learning how. Maybe this is the answer, how I can get my message out to the world. How can I help more people? How can we spread this knowledge. And it's all coming together. There's so much happening right now. It's good.</p><p><br/></p><p>The time has come for things to happen with all the AI systems that's facilitating so much. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Cataract Formulas And Shipping</h2><p><br/></p><p>Like we made two remedies today, both for cataract. Both of them are upgraded, updated with research. That would've taken me a year on each of them before. I wouldn't have had time to do as much research as going into them because I have all these other things to do. So my formulas were, here's a list of all the things I've figured out.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now it's here's a shorter list of ingredients that are the best documented to have a clinical effect at these proportional dosages. So if it's one capsule, or two or three for each ingredient to reach its therapeutic effect.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then with the synergy, it doesn't take those three capsules, even if it would take three times the individual capsule dose for one ingredient. Because then I'm also researching which of these, maybe I've got 12 ingredients now. Oh, there's a bunch of polyphenols. Are they stimulating the same pathways?</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh no, some of them are different pathways. And then, these three pretty much overlap. Oh, this one has just as much research as the others. But it doesn't take as high a dosage. Let's put that in there. How much healing can we get with one capsule has always been the mission.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're going not for cost comparison with something else on the market. It wasn't on the market what I was looking for. Had to create it myself. Got better results. And now in three to six months, we'll be getting feedback from practitioners who are using these products.</p><p><br/></p><p>Usually you do a six month follow up with cataract. Because it's the densest protein in the body. It's avascular, like joints. Has no direct circulation. It takes a while for nutrients to get in for healing to happen. But already with the previous formulations, what they were seeing was about half of people show improvement in six months. The old formulas.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm hoping that we can increase that number. And most of the other half are more stable than they were before. So maybe they will never have to have a cataract surgery. That's darn good, too. But if we can improve those odds? How much? What's the question from a market perspective? Is it expensive?</p><p><br/></p><p>And so what's the answer? Are our products expensive? It depends entirely on how you measure expensive. You're paying more per capsule. You're taking a lot fewer capsules to get a lot better results, a lot faster. So what's expensive? Taking a whole bunch of capsules that you have to swallow. Nobody likes taking capsules that are relatively cheap, but you have to take them for a long time before you realize they really didn't do anything. </p><p><br/></p><p>Do you guys ship them to an American address and then it gets shipped </p><p><br/></p><p>over here? There's three companies I researched.</p><p><br/></p><p>Who's the best for that kind of transshipment and they can consolidate. If you're getting more than one thing from the States, you can have it all put in one package. </p><p><br/></p><p>Or if you're traveling, or someone else is traveling to the states.</p><p><br/></p><p>I've done that. </p><p><br/></p><p>I've done that. It's like my friend is going there. We're going to ship it to them, they're going to carry it back.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's like then there's no big deal.</p><p><br/></p><p>Right. Because the supplements seem to be a lot more efficacious.</p><p><br/></p><p>Let's put our prayers out there for </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. </p><p><br/></p><p>Let's pray for a better world.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Voice Scan And Titration</h2><p><br/></p><p>Frequencies of sound, the voice scan, the bioenergetic wellness scan. Yes. Yeah. So it's not frequencies of sound per se in the drops. It's electromagnetic frequencies. We're analyzing through the frequencies of sound, and then the drops are electromagnetic.</p><p><br/></p><p>However, the collagen that makes up the matrix that's connected to all the fixed cells in the body is piezo electric. So they are equivalent in terms of the meaning in the body because electromagnetic frequencies in the drops are going to convert into sound waves.</p><p><br/></p><p>And sound waves when we're speaking are automatically also producing the same exact frequencies in the electromagnetic spectrum. So it's speaking the same language, which is amazing and beautiful. Yes. That's a very powerful modality. The drops. I've seen people have very strong reactions.</p><p><br/></p><p>And because I work with people so sensitive. If I just take a full dose, if I just take a full capsule of whatever it is, if I just put my feet on a PEMF plate, even if it's at a low setting for a minute, my head starts spinning.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's, my body is responding to these signals and there's probably cleansing going. There's movement of toxins. And if it's moving more than I can cleanse now, it's just playing toxic ping pong. It's stirring up stuff that that's messing me up, and I don't want to do that. So titration is the term in medicine of adjusting the dose according to the situation.</p><p><br/></p><p>The individual's sensitivity for me is the big thing. With a drug like a cortisone, you have to titrate the dosage when you're going off of it, so you don't have a rebound inflammation. Titration, once we identify the resonance now it's still a question of dose.</p><p><br/></p><p>What's going to be the dose? I had that woman early in my career with cataract. Couldn't contemplate surgery because of her chemical sensitivities, electromagnetic sensitivities, food sensitivities. She lived on a mountaintop in Vermont, in a cabin with no electricity, no printed matter, because she'd react to even the trace solvents still in there. Could eat two foods.</p><p><br/></p><p>The first batch I tested her, gave her the remedies, I sold her the bottles of supplements. Naively. Didn't do anything wrong. I did the best I knew for her. And she knew. She was not naive. She knew that she was probably going to be recovering in the hospital after taking a dose, but she was really desperate to be able to do something that could initiate her healing process.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because she was a healer by her calling, obviously, like her life situation. I have to be a healer. I can't see, I can't do anything else, but I'm a healer. That's what I'm focused on. And so there were workshops happening. She'd love to be able to go, but she wouldn't be able to tolerate being in the room.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so the second month after she recovered from the first dose of capsules, I tested her and said, but I can't in good faith sell you these bottles, but I'm willing to open the bottle, make a little test vial sample, energetic sample.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because we know the energy is what we're measuring to balance your body energy. So we know that's balancing. And we also know that if you take the full dose that normal people heal with, you're going to be in the hospital and recovering. So here's the test dose the appropriate dose to start with for titrating.</p><p><br/></p><p>And yeah, she came back and said, yeah, what you suggested: two minutes, twice a day, holding them in my hand, I could feel my body healing. It started the process of healing. Now I'm able to actually tolerate more and do other things. It's just amazing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Individualizing. And so that perspective of that, instead of our cultural perspective of I'm the doctor, I'm going to heal them.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm responsible for figuring it out in my logical reasoning mind, gathering the data, ordering the tests, putting all the pieces together. And then understanding enough about how those pieces define this unknown dynamic thing called life. Versus your body's in charge. Your spirit's in charge.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the intelligence in the machine. And if we can learn to listen and interpret for you. Because I missed that class in third grade where they should have taught us your body's smart and you can learn to pay attention to it and listen to it.</p><p><br/></p><p>Listen to your intuitions, listen to your emotions. Let's express ourselves and let's learn, some basic navigation of this incredible vessel that we're gifted with. But no, I missed that class. I don't know maybe all the other students got it. I don't think so.</p><p><br/></p><p>So when we can interpret for that person, if you're interpreting what their body intelligence is saying and responding to saying, I really need something for my liver. Oh, I really like that for my liver. There's a lack of coherence about liver and now there's a restoration of coherence with some herb brought into the field.</p><p><br/></p><p>Interpreting that for the person, in my experience, is a wonderful experience for everyone because it's intuitively correct to them. That's your clue. That what you're saying, what you're doing is you're on track. You're serving that sentence that's beyond the conscious sentence. The fullness of the sentence of that other living being is saying, wow, I can't believe it's so right on.</p><p><br/></p><p>You came up with things, or had questions about why is this happening in what you're seeing when I didn't even bring that up to you. One I just came across in the last day was way back. I had asked the mom about her son's, like saying has he been traveling recently?</p><p><br/></p><p>And she said, yeah, but I didn't talk to you about that. How did you know that? I explained it is because he's showing geo pathic stress and that's usually from where you're sleeping. And he hasn't been showing that. So I'm guessing maybe he slept somewhere different. It's yeah. He was traveling with relatives in Philadelphia.</p><p><br/></p><p>When the information is coherent from every perspective, from the client perspective and your perspective, I love that. My mind loves that. This is making sense.</p><p><br/></p><p>Here's the picture, like the pointalist picture. Monet Givenchy style picture. Yeah, this color.here and this color dot. And then you stand back and you see the whole thing. It's, oh, I see now. These are lily pads and flowers and it's a garden and the sky is really unusual. And that coherence, that meaning it's about meaning versus information, right?</p><p><br/></p><p>If the body is processing millions of bits of information or the mind is 120 bits of information a second. The real key to any of it is, what does it mean? What's the meaning? Because meaning is when the information lines up and it's coherent, it's oh, now we can put that meaning on it. And it defines the whole. It crystallizes all that information into a model, an understanding, a visualization, an image, a three dimensional object that we can look at and rotate in our mind and understand and have now pathways of interacting. We could say, oh, if that's the case, if we do this, it should do that. And let's try it.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh yeah, it does or it doesn't. And the beauty of testing with an open mind to what's going to work and what isn't, what's going to be stress and what isn't. A person comes in with a diagnosis or a symptom, usually something. I want to achieve this. I want to get rid of this diagnosis, I want to improve it.</p><p><br/></p><p>I want it to turn around. I want this symptom to get better. I have these three symptoms, an old one, a new one. Whatever that picture is that they've got. That's important. That's a big part of the picture. That's like the broad outlines of the picture. But now we're going to fill in some more details.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's oh, I didn't realize there was an alligator in that pond. Now we see that, where the kidney stress, the fear is coming from. There's really an alligator there. Let's take care of that. That's going to help your kidneys because you won't be afraid. </p><p><br/></p><p>Wow. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Psoriasis Case And Steroids</h2><p><br/></p><p>So speaking of an interesting case last week Thursday, last patient of the day happens to be a long time patient of ours and came in and has a psoriasis that is under control with the medication. </p><p><br/></p><p>Takes quite a few medications, corticosteroid when it's required. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>I found in the eyes on the outer corner some eczema and complains about itchy eyes.</p><p><br/></p><p>So a large amount of gamut, and now psoriatic arthritis as well going on. So can we go through terrains and phases on that one, if you wanted to get an interesting case thrown out to you. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. And we'll start with this week? We'll start with treatments. Steroids are suppressive. So it's acting similar to our body's. Body uses steroids. The adrenals make steroids. Many of our hormones are steroids. And there's plant steroids, too. Plenty of active plant compounds are in that kind of shape, that kind of category of chemistry, of steroids.</p><p><br/></p><p>But the drug steroids are extremely strong. They're stronger than our natural adrenal steroids. And what are our natural adrenal steroids do? A main function is anti-inflammatory. They balance with the immune system. The immune system is pro-inflammatory. And it has a purpose, which we don't often get reinforced to think about.</p><p><br/></p><p>If the body's creating inflammation, why? Versus, oh, the body's creating inflammation, bad. We got to stop that. So we want to bring in that other, we want to round out our awareness like, oh yeah, inflammation could cause damage. And so let's see why it's creating that and how we can help it get the job done.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it doesn't create so much damage getting the job done. Inflammation is to create acidity in the tissue, which expands. It brings in more fluid to dissolve. The acidity and the fluid dissolves it and can move it. It'll actually break down the matrix, the connective tissue, and allow things to move out.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then it goes back to an alkaline state when it's clean. So our goal is the body healing itself. The goal is that clean state of the connective tissue. And the inflammatory response is the natural pathway to get there.</p><p><br/></p><p>So what we want is acute inflammation, but not out of control, not chronic, not becoming extreme to where there's so much suffering and damage. And the adrenals are balancing that. So our natural adrenal regulation, if the adrenals are working well, they'll tend to keep that in balance.</p><p><br/></p><p>One reason for too much inflammation, that's, out of control doing damage, is if the adrenals are fatigued. They're out of shape. Perfect way to get them out of shape would be to take really strong steroids that are suppressive in that the adrenals now get the signal there's plenty of anti-inflammatory steroid action here. I don't have to make anything. And they can get into a pattern of not functioning. So it can induce a hypo adrenal. And that's why when you remove the artificial steroids, there's often a rebound effect. Because the adrenals aren't working. Do you want them to work?</p><p><br/></p><p>You got to coax them back into working. You got to stimulate them, you got to give them a little support, little love and attention. And we know that, even topical steroids on the skin are a known trigger for cataracts, for glaucoma, all kinds of other issues besides adrenals. So in, in my frame of reference of treatments, we look at healing treatments versus if we're going to be nice about it, we'll say heroic treatments of modern medicine. At the bottom of the list, surgery, because the definition of surgery is controlled damage. So it's damage. So it's not the first thing we want to think of or do. It's first do no harm. That would mean no surgery.</p><p><br/></p><p>First do no harm. That means no toxic level or suppressive dosage of a chemical, a toxin. Almost anything can be toxic. Water has an LD 50, which is a measure of toxicity. A lethal dose for 50% of people. You can drown by drinking too much water. It's rare because the body is an intelligent system.</p><p><br/></p><p>And when it becomes not intelligent is taking some party drug and feeding the mind the idea that I have to drink water, I have to drink more water, and then to drink gallons of water and the lungs fill up with water. Because the kidneys can't keep enough electrolyte balance in the blood.</p><p><br/></p><p>But yeah, so everything has a range of reaction that's related to dosage. We can take something that's a poison, a toxin, say mercury. Okay. It's poisonous. It used to be the leading medicine used to treat syphilis, which was the leading infectious disease. They cause the same symptoms, the same disease appearance.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you have too much mercury or if you have syphilis, it can cause any disease. They're both the great masqueraders of the bacterial kingdom, the mineral kingdom. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Homeopathy And Spirit Minerals</h2><p><br/></p><p>But homeopathic mercury is non-toxic. So there's, if you're potent ize, you're getting, every x or d, every decimal potency you're diluting the material by, you're getting 10% of the chemical concentration. You're increasing the signaling potential because you're putting the frequencies of that substance into the structured water. When you potentize, you're creating vortices, which creates this charge separation.</p><p><br/></p><p>It creates structured water that has coherence, zones of pi electrons in that water that are delocalized, that become a field. And that's how spirit works. Spirit minerals. That's where they like to be. So you're bringing in spirit minerals that also have intelligence. The fundamental intelligence beyond even life intelligence, the cosmic ground of intelligence is what I call spirit minerals.</p><p><br/></p><p>The orbitally rearranged mono atomic elements. If you want to read the patent from David Hudson, it's a British patent. And in that patent, he points out his measurements that typically they'll show five ninths of the mass of the ordinary state. To get patent he had to take the metal, because we call these transition metals in the periodic table, the transition elements, transition metals because their ordinary state is a metal. What is a metal? A metal is a mineral that has free electrons that can basically become a coherent zone of electrons. It can carry electricity. So five ninths is local, is in this ordinary state.</p><p><br/></p><p>We see it as a white powder that you can't identify. The name for it in in Egyptian means what is it? So the very name and the Egyptians had the technology to make these minerals.</p><p><br/></p><p>The pyramids were for refining the metals and then transmuting them into the spiritual form, which is significantly more valuable and functional than the metal. A gold metal is mostly used for currency. Why? It doesn't rust, it doesn't fade as beautiful.</p><p><br/></p><p>You can use it for decorative purposes. Or silver is the highest conductivity metal. So it's used everywhere in industry. Gold, not so much. Jewelry. That's mainly it. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Ormus UFOs And Vision</h2><p><br/></p><p>But when you take that gold and you transmute it into the spirit form, that's what you need to make higher level technologies, probably what is it vimana?</p><p><br/></p><p>They call it in Ayurveda Flying saucers. We know that American government has had that kind of technology since World War ii and they, so they know all about it. And that's why when David Hudson applied for US patent, they said, yeah, you have it right. It's correct information, it's patent worthy, but not patentable in the United States because we already are aware of that information.</p><p><br/></p><p>In fact, they're using it to for ships, for vessels that. Travel at the speed of thought. So when the, the pilots see, or when I was a kid, I saw a UFO and it's was stationary and there were lights going across it, and then it just suddenly sped off in one direction. There's no ramping up acceleration as if it has mass.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was a more of a free of mass in how it moved</p><p><br/></p><p>in. In my modeling, I see that as a fundamental structure of the universe of spirit minerals interlaced with plasma. If we look at the states of matter on a scale of the thermal scale, which is a scale of entropy, of randomness disorder, of information, not meaning, but information. The counterpart then plasma is high energy and the spirit minerals are condensates, not quite as low energy as the Bose Einstein condensate.</p><p><br/></p><p>You can look at the 2001 Nobel Prize in physics. Bose and Einstein Bose from India, Einstein working at Princeton, came from wherever Europe. Both could see that, they could envision that if you take matter and you take all the energy out of it, what does it do? It becomes this field rather than a thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>The thinness takes energy to be solid, takes more energy than to be this field. This ghost. The ghost is the lowest energy and the spirit minerals are part, partly ghostly, but they have some mass. They're partly here and they're partly not here. What is not here? Where are they? If they're not here, wherever they want to be, wherever you want them to be, wherever you think they are, wherever you see, when you see the stars, they're there.</p><p><br/></p><p>That non-local part, it's I was amazed when I was going to speak to the Syns practitioners in Australia. I started saying what can I share with them? I have some deep questions for myself. I'm going to see if I can figure out some answers, and then I can share those with them. Like with the previous time that I'd spoken to the American Syns College, I had a really hard question from the audience.</p><p><br/></p><p>There was a leading holistic ophthalmologist was there, and after I talked about the spirit minerals a little bit, he said, do you think that the, or the gold orus is necessary? Or I don't know how he framed it. Something like, is the gold orus, like part of the visual vision process is that needed for vision?</p><p><br/></p><p>And I was like, that's a really great question. I wish I knew. I have not heard anyone talk about that, but it's a fabulous, it's a, an important question. And I don't know. So I did a lot of thinking in the years after that talk and finally figured out what I think it is the answer is that, yeah, the gold is what receives the visual information and creates order within it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And how we create meaning, right? We can create different meanings from the same data, from the same information, from the same picture of the world. What projects the visual image that we see is the iridium. That leaves rhodium to take on the other kind of energy that's not electromagnetic, that's sound type of energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's called longitudinal waveforms, which is electromagnetic ultimately, but it's electromagnetic between molecules. It's an energy that moves in a molecular molecule to molecule propagation and it's short range. And rhodium is a much smaller atom. Iridium is almost as big as gold, but gold is bigger.</p><p><br/></p><p>Iridium in the alchemical information, especially from confirmed from ancient Egypt, where they had this technology is that iridium is ultimately ultra sensitive to electromagnetic energy. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Iridium Vanishing Act</h2><p><br/></p><p>In other words, they've done modern experiments where they take the purified spirit, iridium put it in a bowl out at nighttime in the dark, in a bowl out where the sun's going to hit it and watch from a distance.</p><p><br/></p><p>And when the sun hits it pew, it's gone. In a flash of light, it's gone. It'll take, if they said if you put a pencil over it, over the top part of that pencil will be gone too. Just gone from this dimension. We don't, I have no indication of whether it appears somewhere else or it's dispersed or my guess is because we're talking a coherence zone, that coherent stone goes to some other dimension.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that fits with, the, his history that the the priests in the temple of the Sun in Egypt, when they were ready to trans. To commute to another dimension. They would ingest a whole bunch of iridium, and then in the, with the rising sun, they'd walk between the pillars of the temple and they would disappear in a flash.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's all just so fascinating. Now, how, what, how does that relate to our, I need to heal doc? What are you talking about? All this weird stuff for but these are the, what the alchemists find working with these minerals. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Body Intelligence In Practice</h2><p><br/></p><p>This is the substrate of consciousness. It's the substrate of the, in con the intelligence in the body that's running the energies, running them rid energies this way or that way.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's navigating, it's saying, oh if you're like I had a client, I couldn't test nothing, was responding, reacting. I wasn't getting bio communication. And I knew to say, sit down, have a glass of water. Let's talk for half an hour, and then we'll try testing again. And in talking, I said, did you do anything unusual this morning?</p><p><br/></p><p>He said, yeah, I knew I was coming to start a health kick program. And so I joined the gym, and I just worked out for the first time. And then I drove here directly from there. So her body is like taking in a massive amount of information. it's like the body. Think of it as a, an intelligence, a being that's saying if you're going to be using those muscles that you haven't used in ages doing these activities like that, I got to think about this for a minute.</p><p><br/></p><p>How are we going to support that? And at the same time, in the wisdom of this great intelligence, support your functional longevity, support the immediate need that you're calling on by your life Challenges, activities, choices, act thoughts, intentions, and at the same time, support health fan.</p><p><br/></p><p>I think that's the calculation that's running in, in that kinda state. It's once it, the, I guess the big challenge is really to embody that understanding. For me, it came in degrees over time in waves of experiencing say that client, it's I can't test you or the client where I can't test you because we've got an electrical storm, there's a foot of snow, huge snowflakes.</p><p><br/></p><p>I've never seen that big before. It's like I feel like I'm in, in some insulated box and being an electrified in that insulation chamber. And I couldn't test. And that's when I, the first time I had to do a or ring, which I'd been doing for remote clients, comfortable doing it myself. But I wasn't comfortable doing that in front of a client seeing me test that way.</p><p><br/></p><p>The, it's like too many questions versus I have an instrument. They can hear the meter move, they can see the meter move, they can see that I'm poking their acupuncture point and putting test files in. It's procedurally it's very, it looks very scientific and it is, and that doesn't mean it's separate from the consciousness and the intention of the one seeking the information to communicate with the intelligence in the body.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Five Levels Of Treatment</h2><p><br/></p><p>So treatments, levels, we've got surgery at level one, orient one to five, we want to be as close to five as possible on all these scales. So one is surgery. We're essentially, from my perspective, we're admitting defeat. It's oh, we have to take out the gallbladder. We're unable to heal it.</p><p><br/></p><p>We have to, cut your eye muscle to straighten your eyes Because we failed at doing vision therapy and ortho optics and, exercise and using your mind to control that muscle and healing, cleansing the body so the muscle tightness could reduce and it could heal itself. Or reducing scar tissue that's holding in the wrong place.</p><p><br/></p><p>And they often get more scar tissue when they do a surgery and then they do sometimes more surgeries to try to correct the scar tissue and leave more scars. So surgery and then suppression is the second suppression. I was speaking about dosage. When you have a minute, dosage, like a homeopathic, even of a toxin, it's non-toxic because there's not enough to be toxic, but there's enough.</p><p><br/></p><p>And we've prepared it in such a way that we've amplified the information of it, which then signals to the body. And the body response is the healing. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Homeopathy And Light Dose</h2><p><br/></p><p>Even in Hahnemann's book, the Organon of Medicine, he talks about his experience. One of the things that really struck me strongly was they noticed that this was doctors and nurses doing provings to find out, to write the book of here's the symptoms this can cause.</p><p><br/></p><p>They take a homeopathic, non-toxic dose over and over until they begin to have a symptom. So it's titrating. We're taking a non-toxic dose, but we're repetitive straining that signal saying What does this do? What does this do? What does this do? And they go, ah, I got this symptom at this time of day.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then was made better by this and worse by that. And write it all down. So mostly doctors and nurses, because they're aware of anatomy and physiology and they're good observers of these symptoms. Here's what they noticed, the doctors and nurses doing provings of homeopathic medicines. In other words, taking a homeopathic that they don't need.</p><p><br/></p><p>Until it's too much. And their symptom, their body's straining, saying, that's making me do this in a strong way. They found that they got healthier. So there's a beautiful conclusion Beyond that is at worst, if you're giving people homeopathic remedies, if you're completely wrong, at worst the people will get healthier.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because it's stimulatory medicine, it doesn't mean, we try to give people the wrong thing. We try to give them the right thing, but if it's wrong, it's doing no harm. And if they take it too long, it'll still do no harm. It'll stimulate their body's healing capacities to respond to say, Hey, I have this stress going on.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm going to try to respond to that stress. That response is the healing. So that's the extreme. That's at the top of the scale. Level five, that's stimulatory medicine. And when we use light in, in a low enough dose, where it's non-toxic, non-stressful, non-irritating, like syntonic like low level infrared soft lasers red light therapy in photobiomodulation going out in the sun, not sun gazing, not staring at the sun with this idea, like the idea of I need to drink water.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm drinking too much. The idea of sun gazing, I need to the sun, and you can burn your retina. But if you go out with the idea, my body's intelligent, I'm just going to let it run the show. I'm going to gaze, I'm going to look around, I'm going to enjoy the sunset. Body enjoys healing. It doesn't enjoy stress.</p><p><br/></p><p>So if it's that's too bright, it's yeah, it's too bright. So listen, pay attention. Adjust the dose. You can close your eyes. Sunning, like old practice and vision improvement, sunning swinging in the sun. Gentle stimulation is stimulus for healing. It's non-toxic. It should be non-irritating.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Nutrition And Longevity Vitamins</h2><p><br/></p><p>What's below that is support. Just basic things the body needs. Okay? You need hydration, so you drink water. It's not particularly stimulating, it's just supporting the body with a nutrient that it needs. Vitamins, minerals calories of whatever form we need. Amino acids, we need fatty acids.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're learning more things that we need. We know, say for macular degeneration, we know that the retina needs to have three different carotinoids that store the body specifically absorbs them from our food and stores them in the retina, and they're protective of the retina. And a leading professor, I think at Stanford, retired now, but the aims test for carcinogenicity.</p><p><br/></p><p>So Professor Ames who developed that the test, if they want to know if a chemical can cause cancer, they do. The ames test, famous professor he's talking about he's old. He's talking about longevity. And he is saying, we should be thinking of these as longevity vitamins. Our concept of vitamins in the government sense, regulatory sense is only for things that there's, that we're going to recognize that there's a, an acute deficiency disease.</p><p><br/></p><p>If we don't have enough of it, we express scurvy, berry, Berry, et cetera. And he's saying these longevity vitamins don't have an acute disease. They have chronic degenerative diseases. If you don't have enough, lutan enough, certain OIDs, then you know you're going to have more macular degeneration.</p><p><br/></p><p>You're going to go blind. How about that For a disease, we don't want to avoid that. Let's call these longevity vitamins. And we don't even know how many there are. We're just still learning most of the essential nutrients we've learned in the past a hundred years. What they are we just learned in the last two years or so.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's another, we have another one to add to the list of essential fatty acids. Our population eating our Western processed diet. Farmed ki commercially farmed animals we're not getting C 15 of fatty acid. Our old folks, our mothers didn't get enough of it. And then our generation didn't have enough to give their babies across the placenta.</p><p><br/></p><p>And there's even less of it in the diet now, and it's causing all sorts of problems with the cell membrane, with non-alcoholic fatty liver, C 15 deficiency associated. So I'm always just looking for there's so much, there's probably infinite information. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Plasma Spirit And C60</h2><p><br/></p><p>Let's say if the universe is infinite, there's infinite information, and if our consciousness, our mind, the spirit is non-local, it potentially has access to that infinity, beyond space and time.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's other, whatever the other dimensions are. So there's infinite information, but information is. A measure of information is entropy disorder, randomness, disease, degeneration, aging. That's entropy, temperature, heat, entropy. Remember, that's where plasma lives and life is a plasma, that's where they got the name for the cosmic state of matter of plasma is from life, from blood, plasma, cytoplasm, plasma.</p><p><br/></p><p>So that high energy, plasma. Plasma, we know from the science of, from plasma science and physics. It's an intercalation. It's a, it is an, it has layers, it has like our cell membrane is a bilayer. It has these bilayers of plasma and not plasma, just like life. Our cell membrane is not a plasma.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a, like an insulating layer between plasmas. Now it can have different qualities to those two plasmas. At the other end of the spectrum is the spirit, the low, such low material energy that it's becomes partially a ghost. Or in the case of, in the laboratory at zero degrees Kelvin, or close to it can be fully ghostlike. It's not quantized. The, when they try to get thing, find things that can be in that, that condensate state, that spirit state at a higher, a little bit higher temperature, a few degrees.</p><p><br/></p><p>You get into organic molecules like the Buckminster Fullerene, the C 60 that are. Again they're organic. my model of the C 60, which increases longevity tremendously in the studies is it's a sanctuary. First of all those carbons are identical informationally.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're all in the same state. So they're imperfect, they're perfect coherence geometric coherence to become delocalized between each other and become a field. And the center of it is removed from, nothing can get in there. Elect magnetism can get through, electricity, can't get through. it's like a faraday cage, the perfect sanctuary for spirit minerals.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it's pretty large. Because it's 60 atoms. It's this sphere like a soccer ball. And so spirit, I model spirit's in there. And I think that's, it's a carrier for spirit. It's a sanctuary for, so it's bringing more spirit in, into and through and holding onto it in the organism. So that's probably why the organism lives longer, is not be, it's not magic because, oh it's a spherical carbon compound.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's cool geometrically. But why would it have a function? Oh, it has a function because it interacts with spirit. Why do neurotransmitters and hormones have a communication function? Oh, because they, almost all of them have a ring structure that has pie electrons that can delocalize, they can act as a fary cage, like a crown.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the spirit mineral is going to be attracted to it. So is the communication, how much of the communication of our communication molecules in tissue layer four, the communication system, which is neuroendocrine, that forms from the neural tube. How much of that communication is the molecule without the spirit?</p><p><br/></p><p>How much of it is the spirit? How much is it? It's some interaction of now we have spirit, we have information that's now not just information, it's meaning we have meaning, we have communication, we have direct and guidance. And now also has this material electromagnetic energy field. But that's a sanctuary for low energy disturbance within the center of that.</p><p><br/></p><p>These are questions that actually are potentially the ideas that are falsifiable, the testable hypotheses. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Power Structures And Fluoride</h2><p><br/></p><p>What we don't have is we don't have a human culture of self-governance that's even thinking about funding anything to do with spirit. We have a system that's no. It's just let's stick with all the materialist stuff.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because why, because then those who have power in that system can maintain their power, because what if they're, what if spirit's real? What if we are all, each tremendously powerful beings? Oh, then the ones who are using our power don't want us to know that. So they put fluoride in our water, which was used first in concentration camps by Nazis and the Soviets to keep people docile and controllable.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're finally taking it out now, the knowledge has been there. The knowledge was used against us. And unfortunately, or fortunately it could be. Fortunately, if we come from the biggest perspective that, you know what, we're all here for a purpose. Why have we maybe even chosen this challenging time to be here?</p><p><br/></p><p>Because we can grow. We're up to the challenge. We're here to, to discover how this all works, to just to seek the truth. And that sets us free. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Hawaii Legal Fiction</h2><p><br/></p><p>It's if I know, like I discovered 30 years ago that the state of Hawaii doesn't even really exist in reality. It's not it's a legal fiction.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's an idea that, everyone around me and we're all trained to, to believe in. But once I see that the re the true reality of it, that it's an idea shared by many people who give that idea their life force in various ways, then in a way, I'm free of it. I can choose to participate in that cultural dance.</p><p><br/></p><p>Or I can say, you know what I hear the Hawaiian kingdom is having a meeting and they're going to reestablish the Hawaiian kingdom that has a perfect right in international law to reestablish itself. The queen at the time didn't fight the Americans who took it over. She said no, it's, this is not worth my people dying for.</p><p><br/></p><p>But I will write a letter of protest. She wrote a formal letter of protest, which perfectly preserved the right of the Hawaiian kingdom to exist. In fact, over 90% of the citizens signed a petition letter to the Congress of the United States protesting and saying, no, we want our kingdom. Did you know that Hawaii was the most literate country in the world at that time?</p><p><br/></p><p>I didn't know that until I learned it. I wasn't taught that in school. Did you know that today the native Hawaiian descendants, most of whom live more in Las Vegas than in Honolulu, more on the mainland than here? They're the most incarcerated group in the United States. Oh, why's that?</p><p><br/></p><p>What's going on? I was invited to move here with the Hawaiian family, and they were descended from a family in Maui. They had some ancestral land there that they have, legal right to, but, and if they were in the Hawaiian kingdom, that would be No, no problem. They can, they have their pala, their story.</p><p><br/></p><p>They can tell you who their ancestors are, and that's the law. But under US law, it says, no, you have to have a certain percentage. They call blood quantum. Oh. So if they intermarry, eventually, there's no one to under our law to claim any rights to this land. It's now, it's ours. We got it. They have that blood quantum, but in, you have to prove it with your paperwork in the American system, which is really the Roman system.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's Roman law, which comes from, before that the oldest law of Hammurabi, oldest written law. That's the law of the sea. That's the law of commerce. That's the law of war, which is the law of force of taking, of how do I take your life force? How do I take your energy? How do I, commerce, how do I find something, some herbs from India and we're going to bring them over to Europe, and you don't, you can't grow them here.</p><p><br/></p><p>So we can take as much of your gold as we can with that. Not just pay for our costs and our risks. And, we have exorbitant profit. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Five S Framework Revisited</h2><p><br/></p><p>I didn't tell you all the layers of treatment. So in between all of these, in between the surgery of controlled damage, of admitting defeat that we couldn't heal it, we have to cut it. And suppression of pro patent medicine of Pharmacia is the ancient form of using toxins to create the appearance of healing by changing the symptoms, by giving a new disease.</p><p><br/></p><p>The body's now reacting to that and alters the symptom picture of the old disease. The old disease is still there, but you have layer on a new one. And then at the top of the scale stimulation, things like homeopathy and light therapy, exercise meditation, anything that's an active stimulatory thing rather than a material thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Support is material things that we need, right? We know we need matter, we need energy, we need information that we want to convert into. Meaning the, there's so the nutrients are that layer of support in the middle is substitution. Substitution can go either way. That's long answer to the question about steroids for substituting the body's hormonal action with something that's on the strong, too strong side, even if it's the natural substance, if we give a lot of it, it's going to stop.</p><p><br/></p><p>The body's response will be to stop working. It's suppressive, high level substitution therapies are suppressive, low level moves us toward homeopathy. We could do a homeopathic of the body's hormone. It's stimulatory. We do low dose, and it can be supportive. It's supporting the adrenals to give a little bit of the precursors, a little bit of the adrenal hormones, taking a little bit of stress off, but not enough that the adrenal say, let's stop working.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's enough taken off and saying, oh, okay. Oh, I can work and I can rest and I can recover. And so we want to be above that dotted line in the middle of substitute therapy.</p><p><br/></p><p>that's my main imagery. That's, when I do a slide, when I do the slideshow for this, that'll be featured. And it's the five S's, so it's easy to remember, oh, what's the bottom surgery substitute? Suppression is drugs substitution, support stimulation,</p><p><br/></p><p>And we want to be, we want to know what we know and not say okay, so I can't do drugs or surgery. No, it's up to the person, the client, the patient, the person, what's right for them. What do they need? If my arm is half cut off, am I going to say I don't believe in surgery.</p><p><br/></p><p>No, I think I'll say, oh my God, thank God Western medicine is so good at that. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Building The Shire Vision</h2><p><br/></p><p>We our dear friend here who's helping us make our space, our new space underneath the house. Just cut off, cut halfway through, three fingers basically. And they've been sewn back on. And it is like when I say, oh, you're not doing natural therapies.</p><p><br/></p><p>You went to the hospital, you had the surgeons put it back together. It's no, I'm so glad they could, reconnect. So many of the tech the ligaments and nerves, they didn't get quite all of them. And Ring finger was the worst. Really cut through most of the way through a joint. And we'll be working with him for healing because we need him.</p><p><br/></p><p>He's wonderful. And he's in construction. Okay. That's his field. That's what he is been doing for a long time. He was on the mainland for, that's where he started and now he's in Hawaii. But he got into a company, a construction company, and they were doing a couple million dollars a year, pretty big company.</p><p><br/></p><p>And he was training people what to do. Like he says, I can do anything but welding. I'm not a welder, but anything else I can do. So he's our handyman or construction guy. He will figure out all kinds of stuff and we love him too. So he builds that company to $200 million. It's okay, he's got some kind of skill at scaling a company.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're, I'm not a company person raising we want to, we're old. We want somebody else to do that. I don't have the skills to do that. And maybe he does, maybe not, but may. Maybe he won't be the ones, the integrator, they call it in business, be the integrator that puts, I've collected the systems oh, these are the best in the world for these things.</p><p><br/></p><p>I've got the tools. It's I've got the Remedy collection, I'm a collector, but I'm not the business healer, the business grower. Uhuh, I know it, I'm a visionary. I can see it what needs to be, but we need that other skill, other kind of person. And so it, that might not be him, but if it's not, I'm thinking it's probably he'll be the builder of the Shire.</p><p><br/></p><p>Our 90 acres out here in, in Hawaii, that's, we built some structures, but we're thinking maybe some hobbit buildings of you can use air Crete. It's lightweight, inexpensive. It's super, if it super strong if a lava flow came, it would go up to it and just stop. It might go around, it might go in the doorway and fill it up but it wouldn't melt.</p><p><br/></p><p>It wouldn't burn it. We'll see. But and that's something that he's imagined doing okay. Then maybe that's his future path that we, when we met him, we felt this is somebody we're meant to do some things with. That's to me I've just been working with a new ai that's amazing.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's digging deep into, to me and my thoughts and how I operate and giving me, helping me get clarity on things like this, like that. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Launching Neuro Magnesium</h2><p><br/></p><p>We just got, I just got clear that, okay, it is time to launch our first outsource product. It's going to, I know what it's going to be. It's going to be it neuro magnesium.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a magnesium that crosses the blood brain barrier. that means it crosses the blood retinal barrier as well. So for retinal for energy metabolism, magnesium is, the most number of cellular enzymes that rely on a cofactor. A metallo enzyme that needs a mineral is magnesium's number one.</p><p><br/></p><p>Zinc would be number two. magnesium. Very important for energy, which you need to do anything like healing or cleansing. And it's a special form that also supplies trine across that barrier into the central nervous system. And trine is especially important for repairing that tissue, for helping to break down the deposits, the drusen and macular degeneration.</p><p><br/></p><p>And we're going to supply it as a powder. So you drink it rather than take a pill. So we can supply more of it at, the cost at which you need. Because magnesium, you need so much, five, 600 milligrams a day. We're not going to get that much from this form, but we'll get, because it's getting across the blood-brain barrier, we'll get enough for what the body needs for that, for therapeutic dose.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then I'm going to have synergies with it did increase the benefits. And I call it phyto chromotherapy because I'm using plant-based medicine that carries light frequency signals. It's actually going to be tetra hydro curcumin, if you know of curcumin. Very powerful healing substance. Tetra hydro curcumin is a form of it that's five times as powerful.</p><p><br/></p><p>So we need 20%, of the dosage and it's water soluble. So putting it in a drink, it's going to be soluble. It won't give a lot of color, just a light bit of a slight bit of yellow. But as we know, it's not the, the strength of the punch. It's like that you're hitting the right spot.</p><p><br/></p><p>You, you're putting that acupuncture needle in the right point. It's not that you have to take a big spike and stick it in the body. So it's going to be fun. And it'll have a couple other minerals too that are. Some people talk about as the trinity of minerals for brain function. one of being lithium in a nutritional dosage, and lithium, we know can elevate mood can help with restoring nerve, central nervous system function.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that's, treatment to me is about in the last 10 years, figuring out these kinds of things that, that I'd want to find somebody out there in the marketplace who's thinking about these kind of things, saying, here's, look at this formula, let's look what I put together and this is why I did it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And here's what it does. And when I got to the point after 30 years of saying, or 35 years, then I wish there was a product I wish I could find a natural product that has French Lilac was like the one that put me over the edge. I found only one product only one source for French lilac in all of the professional quality products or even not professional quality products, health food, store quality products on the market worldwide.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was a company that we were working with that we used some of their products, a good company, but it had things, it, it wasn't a, it wasn't in a context, it wasn't a formula for what I wanted it for, which is for when I learned that, oh, it's like one of three things that actually stimulates medic mitochondrial biogenesis, which means it stimulates the mitochondria to say, I feel sexy.</p><p><br/></p><p>I want to make another mitochondria. Let's asexual reproduction. But it's all your mitochondria is from your mom. I don't know if you know that. So your mom's mitochondria are reproducing, making more energy factories in the cell. There's only three natural things that do that. And this is one of them.</p><p><br/></p><p>And. The two places I can get it are one, I can get it in this supplement that's a tablet. So it's got a lot of steroids rates that reduces bioavailability. And it's not with synergists for that have anything to do with the mitochondria or with sugar regulation, which I'd like to see it work on that in formulas two, we know it's used in  making</p><p><br/></p><p>Metformin. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you. Metformin. That's, used by a lot of for anti-aging by a lot of functional medicine people. In the news, like a year ago it came out, oh, Metformin contains a carcinogen. It's really bad. it's not labeled.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not, they're not telling us it's in there, but it's there. The same companies that make something like Metformin make drugs for cancer and they make more money on the cancer. So they have, because they're not operating in the world that we want to have, where we're helping all, helping each other and goodwill.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Commerce Law And Licensing</h2><p><br/></p><p>But we're in this commercial world of man's law that comes from Rome, that comes from the Mesopotamia, from the Law of Hammurabi, of how do we govern stealing other people's life force law of the sea. Oh, commerce. We take things from where they're common, cheap and transport them to where they're rare and they can be expensive.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's, you are adding value by making it available in a place where it's not available. So not that, that's evil in itself. Not evil per se, but the idea to me, the problem, the fundamental problem of. Of law, of modern of man's law is the assumption of doing harm. The assumption that the state, which is this artificial entity that, some of the people now own and control and govern others with this artificial thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Whether it's, false gods or whether whatever it is, this idea gives me the power as I'm, I own you, you're my slave, or I, you owe me a tax, or I'm going to take from you your energy. I'm going to force, or I'm going to threaten you. I'm going to put you under duress. I'm going to coerce you. That's where the fundamental problem comes in.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I've said before, that's where licensing comes in. Why are optometrists licensed? We weren't always, doctors weren't always licensed. Why is marriage licensed? It wasn't always licensed. We licensed pharmaceuticals that wasn't always licensed. License. Licensing comes into play in law. The thinking is when there's harm, because only the state has the assumption, the presumption that it has a monopoly on doing harm.</p><p><br/></p><p>In reality, we can all do harm and it's wise to choose not to, if we do harm to someone else if we're a universal being or if we're a non-local being in our spirit, then we're harming ourselves, right? The law of karma, it's oh, I'm going to do harm to somebody else, but I'm going to gain, what do I really gain?</p><p><br/></p><p>The idea? It's harder for a rich man to enter heaven than for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle. And people say that's just stupid. Because it camel can't go through the eye of a needle. But the real meaning of it when it was written was the I of a needle. The I of a needle was a famous gateway in Jerusalem, which is very narrow, where only one person could walk at a time through it.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's a, controlling who gets in to the core, the center of the city. And a camel can't, is too big, bigger than a person can't fit through.</p><p><br/></p><p>You've heard what I think about the different levels of treatment. That's it's, it is key. It's a key metric in, in my whole system. And again, I like a one to five scale where five is the good, that's the goal. If we can, let's say if somebody has a symptom, if we can help them, if we can treat it, or they can treat it, let's let them treat it.</p><p><br/></p><p>If we can communicate with them about, oh, you could try this homeopathic. I read in my repertory, my material medica about that and, or I've tried it and it works for me for that. And it does no harm. If we do stimulatory medicine and we're doing no harm, we're stimulating the body. We're actually, we're totally recognizing that it's the body that's doing the healing.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the person doing their own healing. And if the person's doing their own healing, that's mostly legal in the United States. The only place where that becomes illegal is for someone under the age of 18 to heal their own cancer. Even with the support of their parents, the state will come and take that child away, which is to me a good argument against getting the diagnosis, which we have other arguments like the biopsy's 90% of the time going to spread whatever it is.</p><p><br/></p><p>But yeah, if it's, if you're diagnosed, once you're in, once you're in that system, that's how it operates. That's the, goes back to Roman law. It goes back to law of Hammurabi. It's my understanding in law, it's one of two complete systems of law. The other being Cannon Law, which is non a nonviolent law.</p><p><br/></p><p>And people say, oh, but what about the Inquisition? That's violent. Yes. It's not under Cannon law. It's under the law of the state. Under the king, under the the nation state the king would say, we have to get information from these people, therefore we're going to have to torture them to get the information.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because they're not just going to tell us. And under, in Christendom, at that time, under Cannon Law the church did not allow the state to just do that. They said, no, you have to bring in representatives of the church to actually carry it out. So it's initiated by the state, carried out by the church, never initiated by the church.</p><p><br/></p><p>So the strongest action is excommunication saying, you know what? You don't qualify for our community anymore. You're, I'm not going to speak to you. You're out of the family. It is nonviolent. It doesn't, it's not doing harm painful, it's challenging, difficult, it's harsh.</p><p><br/></p><p>But it's, I would hope someday we have a planet with that kind of law that's non, that doesn't assume that violence. Is good in, in any case, we could say, what about violence to animals? We eat animals. Should we be vegetarian? All good questions. It is kinda like the question like how, if God is all good and created everything, why does he allow evil to exist?</p><p><br/></p><p>I think because we need to learn to discern, we have to be able to have an experience. We have to be able to make a mistake in order to learn from it. If we just were created perfect and could do no harm, no wrong, we're now, we're not sentient. We're not independent beings. We're not close enough to equals to qualify to be desirable as someone to hang out with for eternity.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm about to be tapped out soon because we made two remedies today and I was up late last night, like finishing this ai, this segment on that's learning me first.</p><p><br/></p><p>It learns me so it can replicate. I can understand my thinking, my reasoning, my modeling. It's it's remarkable. It's created by one of my mentors who worked with, a couple years ago. And then he just came out with this, it's like over the last year I learned about it from another mentor.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm talking world class operating system. It is called Zenith Mind os operating System. This is a guy who he operated it was the biggest hypnosis business in the United States. He is helped businesses do billions of billion, literally many billions of dollars of business, develop different marketing techniques and whatnot.</p><p><br/></p><p>Working with him and his team for a year, I didn't vibe with him. He was not my cup of tea. Just okay, now we know what he's about. It's I got to learn these top people in the world. And now having, he's gone through this process himself of creating this to really to ultimate deep dive into yourself.</p><p><br/></p><p>To see like, where are my blockages? What are where they come from? What's my personality? Type in every possible developmental psychology model. And how can we understand, this being, this sentence, this thinking my goals, plans, my experiences, and then turn around and say now to challenge to cha.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's the stage I'm ready to dive into. I don't know if it'll be tonight or when, but that's my next stage is now it's like I don't understand. It can express the way I think almost as well as I can. It came out with some final. Descriptions and I edited, I changed a few phrases. I said no, or I explained in terms of like how I communicate with the body intelligence.</p><p><br/></p><p>I just laid it out a little bit more clearly. Extended the sentence to, to make it technically correct from my perspective. And it came back. It's oh, these are all, improvements. They're more, more clear and specific and of, how you operate. When you do bio communication or it's wow I've been working on this for a week.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so this is, it's not the reason that I didn't have slides last week, but it's, I could blame no slides this week on it, but there's no need to. It's we're just, we're in an organic process. That's what healing is. That's what growth is. We're here to grow and develop. I am too.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I'm not going to give up on any one of you. I'm here for you. That's my commitment to me, that's what I'm looking for. When I'm spending, 10, 15, 20, 20 $5,000 a pop to experience, a world top coach teacher in, in communication marketing or remote, virtual practice development or marketing of this kind of practice.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm going to see who is this person? What's their nature? What's my relationship to them? Is this somebody, number one, is this somebody from my future or is this just another. Chapter another experience, something to, to a reference point. It's okay, I see what that is. That's not core to my future trajectory.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's helping me to see the chess pieces that I have collected and that I have the pieces that I need for the next step of moving forward, which is to launch the first product to the commercial to world.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because as much as I'm not fond of the fundamental underlying concept of commerce. It's I might not be fond of, of my right hand, but I'm not going to cut it off. I'm going to use it as a tool. It's extreme, but that it's the reality to, in, in this world as it exists, the reality is that the fiction is in control.</p><p><br/></p><p>The fiction has huge power. There's demons everywhere. If we want to frame it as golis and demons, legal fiction, people with power over people that want more power, and that's their mission, is to have more power, whatever the cost to somebody else, that's the reality of the world. And so in that world, how am I going to help more people?</p><p><br/></p><p>How am I going to reach more people? Yeah. I've got to figure out this thing that's foreign to me of, I wasn't, I'm not good at commerce. That's why I took a vow of poverty 30 years ago to be, to stand outside of that and say, here's where I'll take a stand. This is real. I've needed to heal myself just to survive, just to keep my vision and I'm helping other people.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's real. Those people are real insurance companies. Not surreal to me. I know there's real people that work there that make it real, for others, but it's not. It's not who, it's not my boss. It's not who I'm doing this for, to maximize my insurance reimbursement. I was happy to leave that behind.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's okay I have that experience. But the last time I went to a real doctor, probably, I don't know, 15 years ago, I could see it. It was obvious to me what they were doing. They were maximizing insurance, and in order to do that, they were minimizing care. The doctor had me see a nurse practitioner.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's fine. I, that's, it's not about, what's your letters, what's what's your knowledge, what's your, how do you care for people? They do their always the same thing that measure my weight and my blood pressure, which has never been an issue. It's funny of all the things to measure.</p><p><br/></p><p>But and then I started giving my case history and as soon as IS segued to a second symptom, and there were three that I planned to question like, what do you think of this syndrome that I'm experiencing? I said, oh, stop right there. Don't tell me anymore. We'll have you back for another visit to handle that symptom.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's huh, where I went to school, we learned that there's syndromes that you, there's no way you could even know they exist without knowing all the symptoms. But they can bill for separate visit if it's a different symptom. It's oh poor souls. Really. They're, I feel bad for the people that are.</p><p><br/></p><p>Playing that game. It's oh, that's not a winning game for the soul. What are they learning? That I can make some money by, shortchanging people on what I could do for them with my full care and attention and knowledge. Yeah. Agnes. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Thanks for your insight, Dr. Glen. That literally just happened to me.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's like I wanted to mention something else. I beat her to the punch because she barely Lets me finish a sentence. Yes. Book another visit for that. So I have to wait three weeks. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>And I'm hoping I feel a little bit better, but Yeah. It's </p><p><br/></p><p>because who's in charge in that room? Yeah. Who has the power is the insurance.</p><p><br/></p><p>The money. Money has the power. And the insurance company is an artificial entity created by licensing by the state. May have shared, the first a hundred years in the state of Massachusetts, there were like three corporations that they had to be voted on by the legislature to say, yeah, there's enough public good to that will come out of this.</p><p><br/></p><p>That it's, that it counterbalances that inherent evil of a corporation. What is inherent evil of we're, it is such a corporate world, we can't even fathom what they believed that a corporation was inherently evil. Why? Because it gives a select group of people the power of benefiting financially from that corporation.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so it has to have enough public benefit. In the case I read about was building a bridge in Boston across the bay. It's but so many people will save so much time. Yes, it'll be a privately owned road, toll road owned by this corporation. The corporation's going to get rich, but the people will also be saving.</p><p><br/></p><p>Time, energy, which is of great value. </p><p><br/></p><p>So </p><p><br/></p><p>what about now? Now it's just fill out a form. You got a corporation, what, whatever you want to do, </p><p><br/></p><p>what about the pharmaceuticals? I thought before, like, where in your view came first? Because I thought the pharmaceutical were actually running the doctors, because I swear they who were just describing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Who? </p><p><br/></p><p>And then the insurer that pays the doc. So who's </p><p><br/></p><h2>Insurance As Gambling</h2><p><br/></p><p>It was born from hospitals and doctors created health insurance. And so why doesn't it pay for me coaching somebody about their health?</p><p><br/></p><p>Why doesn't it pay for the supplements? Why doesn't it pay for Syns? Why doesn't it pay for massage naturopathic? Because that's the competition. That's not who set it up. So that how do you get people to pay more for something that they don't want? Who wants poison and damage? I don't want poison and damage but you're going to need it.</p><p><br/></p><p>Be afraid of cancer. Be afraid of, all these things that we're going to tell you all the worst things that could happen. And how only we can treat that because we're licensed and so you need us. You're going to need us. You need life insurance. You need health insurance. You need, where did insurance come from?</p><p><br/></p><p>Ah, it came from the Port of London. When those ships in commerce, they're going to make a bunch of money when the ship comes in. If their ship doesn't come in, if the ship looks like it's going to be late and it might not come in, the owner of the ship hedge his bets buys insurance. It's betting gambling. Go down to the gambling hall, the insurance.</p><p><br/></p><p>Paul and bet that your ship will not come in and they'll pay you more than you give them. If your ship doesn't come in. If your ship does come in, you're making money off that. And if your ship doesn't come in you hedged your bet, so at least you got some insurance money. Because you're a gambler. Now, who benefits from gambling The house.</p><p><br/></p><p>The house makes money at the gambling, right? The house always wins. Ultimately, gambling casinos don't lose money. They never pay out more than they take in. Do you notice insurance companies never pay out more than they take in? Did you notice what happened in the fires in Los Angeles a couple months before the fire?</p><p><br/></p><p>The insurance companies canceled their fire insurance policies. They knew, they saw it coming. The house doesn't lose. It's a demon. It's an artificial entity. And there's plenty of humans that benefit at that level, that are happy to, be perfectly possessed by a some whatever form of entity that's going to play that game.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not the game we want to play. It's not the game that gets us gold stored up in heaven. E eternal life of happiness.</p><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Glen, what about the 18-year-old? Why? And do you agree with that? Like, why, as the child has a guardian and if you educate the guardian, why can they not make these in those decisions they would otherwise make for themselves? For their dependent. Why? </p><p><br/></p><p>in cancer, we're talking about cancer specifically.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, is it? Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>But here's another example that's recent. Yeah. How about sex change?</p><p><br/></p><p>How is it the state can say, some states say we're not going to even inform the parents that we've, somehow convinced this child that they're in the wrong body and we're going to give them hormone treat. There's a lot of money in it. So the medical system, they're not doing it as a charity.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're going to help these poor children that are distressed about their body image by giving them hormones of the other sex and then mutilating their bodies, irreversibly chemically castrating them. Yeah. So that's another example where a minor wow. They're saying it it's incoherent really that the state has the power, the right the for use of force to take a child away from their parents and treat them with radiation, chemotherapy, and surgery in the case of cancer, not in other countries necessarily.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's a US thing. US has a monopoly. It's where it started, it's where the medical monopoly started. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Medical Monopoly Origins</h2><p><br/></p><p>It was Rockefeller and Carnegie. They had a monopoly first on oil, which was a medicine, and then they found other. Sales channels as well, but started as a medicine competing with rock oil.</p><p><br/></p><p>They competed with the more expensive snake oil they got together with the monopoly of the newspapers to demonize snake oil. Because they didn't the one sin in Rockefeller's world is competition and rock oil is cheap. So they wanted, didn't want competition that, that worked better. Snake oil, we know now is the highest known substance in, in essential fatty acids.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it was the supportive medicine where the rock oil was the suppressive medicine of that day. And so it was more cost effective to buy snake oil. Now about 80% of our medicines are made from rock oil. Interesting. Packed about 20% from herbs.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so with that monopoly by suppressing snake oil and whatever other, I don't know if there are other major com competition, but anything else it's, rock oil is the thing you want. And so they used their profits to buy up the railroads, which was their transportation for the oil.</p><p><br/></p><p>So now, besides owning the product, now they own the transportation system. When a competitor was getting oil in Pennsylvania out of their own ground and was developing another way to transport that didn't, wasn't dependent on the Rockefeller's trains. They were making a pipeline. Which is actually the modern way to do it.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the more efficient way to do it. So their competitor had a better solution. What happened? Just mysteriously along that pipeline one time it, there were explosions and it was destroyed and, they never recovered, didn't have the money to rebuild it. So they got rid of the competition, where'd they put their profit?</p><p><br/></p><p>Next banking. Now they own the banking system as well as, health, transportation, money. Where else can we have more power? Because greed is not satisfying even when you, it's can't be satisfied by its nature once more. And so they already came out of health, but they were making their money in these other places they looked back at health and they, or they paid for Flexner to do a report, a study, the Flexner report, it was Carnegie and Rockefeller.</p><p><br/></p><p>The report said, okay, where you want to make money, the place to make money in health is patent medicine. Why? Because the artificial entity of the government already has claimed it has the right to prevent by force anyone else from doing something that they give a license to call it a patent. And if it's something new, novel, new chemical, you can get a patent on it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And you can have a monopoly forever, many years. You can charge whatever price. Nobody can compete. You've got the power, the force of the government behind you. Ah, so they invested in that. They said, we're going to make this, we're going to get rid of the competition. There was no licensing. There were five times as many medical schools, five times as many doctors did, house calls.</p><p><br/></p><p>They did healing in exchange for chickens. It was a much more distributive system, equitable system, however you want to say it. And they were, do you doing real healing? When the when pandemic came around and hospital the ships had their, sick bay, their doctors, maybe 80% of the ships had homeopathic doctors and people didn't die.</p><p><br/></p><p>So they had, coffins in case, somebody's killed. And they weren't using them when they'd run into another ship that had a patent medicine doctor, they had, they ran out of places to put the bodies. So they put their money into the few schools that taught patent medicine and hired the best teachers away from other schools, built the best facilities, laboratories, libraries.</p><p><br/></p><p>So they built up the sales promotion, right? Here's modern medicine. And then they had penicillin. It's which is a natural substance, but it's and their sales pitch was, see penicillin saving lives someday we will have a drug for every disease. What do they have now? Pretty much that's what we have now, and we have sicker people because of it.</p><p><br/></p><p>But they promoted that to the legislature. They also used their money, big money to donate to politicians. So they have now control of the politicians, the legislature through lobbying and then through information. They say, come take a tour of the modern medical school in your state.</p><p><br/></p><p>We need to license medicine because we have all these other people who aren't trained like this. And, they need to be trained properly to use these medicines. They're powerful medicines. And we don't, we're not going to license these other fields because that's old stuff that's, that's not scientific, that's not modern, it's not powerful.</p><p><br/></p><p>So they created a monopoly. The osteopaths opted into the monopoly so they could, go for the money and sell the drugs. And many decades, couple generations later, they're looking at their history saying, you know what? We lost something of value there. And they're trying to bring back healing the body, osteopathically, moving the bones, adjusting the position, relationship of the bones.</p><p><br/></p><p>The other drugless professions were left unlicensed primarily had eventually became licensed. But those are secondary. They're not full licenses like a medical doctor or an do osteopath that can treat anything and can prescribe drugs. Many like chiropractic, optometry, or drugless professions.</p><p><br/></p><p>And now they've, they'd see the big, ooh, we want to be more like those rich guys and we want to have drugs and use drugs. So optometry is progressed into using some drugs and it's, there was, there were like five different philosophies of medicine. A big one was eclectic medicine, which used, was open to using patent medicines.</p><p><br/></p><p>They would use methylene blue, which we still use today. Oh, it was patented. It was the first synthetic medicine, like 1850s or something used for a while. It worked, but it was, when the patent runs out, there's incentive to use the new thing that you can control and not, and say, oh that's inconvenient.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because it turns the urine blue. You got to explain that to the patient. So we have a new drug now. So use that, use the penicillin, use whatever.</p><p><br/></p><p>In other countries it's different. In after World War ii, it was the United States that set up the new Constitution in Germany and in Japan. I've been to both places. Practiced In Japan in Japan there's two systems of medicine and they have equal standing oral medicine. Western medicine can both treat anything including cancer.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a different law, different man's law.</p><p><br/></p><p>In Germany, there's five systems with equal standing, and three of them include homeopathy.</p><p><br/></p><p>One of them is not even a doctoral level training. It's a two year program in, in, in natural healthcare. It's like a, it's equivalent of our naturopath high practica. And yeah, they can treat cancer. So is there, what's the magic, where's the magic in all this? </p><p><br/></p><h2>Law Words And Representation</h2><p><br/></p><p>It's the use of words. In law, when you define a word in law, it's no longer just the common meaning.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's has a legal meaning in addition to the common meaning. Now you go walk into a courtroom and the judge and the prosecutor are using words and you think you know what they're saying. You don't know the rules, so you can't even enter the conversation. You have to be represented. You can't be yourself.</p><p><br/></p><p>You have to be represented by somebody else. How can somebody represent you? They're, all they can do is represent a fiction, an idea of you. So you're not actually in the court. The living being isn't a participant in the court. They want the living being there and compliant with their game, their rules, which they won't explain to you.</p><p><br/></p><p>That would defeat the purpose.</p><p><br/></p><p>Kinda like when the French beat the British at, what was it, 10 66 or something. And what did they do? They sent over a bunch of French lawyers, speaking French and, so nobody would understand what's going on. They can twist and turn things, and that's where the word attorney comes from to attorn is to twist.</p><p><br/></p><p>We use language to twist the meaning so that you don't understand what we're saying. Like medicine in a sense does that with the use of Latin for diagnoses. So you think it's you create an effigy, an image of an entity that's, there's weight on your shoulder. I have this thing, I've got this disease, I've got this diagnosis, and you're giving away your power.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because the person who knows about that and can, the only, your only hope is to. Ask the doctor if our drug is right for you.</p><p><br/></p><p>Treatments. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Energy Medicine Remedies</h2><p><br/></p><p>So besides the medicines remedies like drops and capsules and powders and tinctures and things. There's also the sort of the energy medicine the quantum energetics, the environmental shifts where we're putting electrical fields, magnetic fields, frequencies, light, light waves water that's carrying particular qualities of energy infused into matter like the pharmaceutical drops that has frequencies put into it with high energy, light, and electrical fields.</p><p><br/></p><p>So electrons and photons are like going into it with a certain frequency. And that's, those frequencies are that information, that signal is still carried by that. And you put drops in your water and you stir it and you put it in your body. And when they do that to cells in a Petri dish at University of California, San Diego, they see, oh, the one for cell metabolism in about two days, all of the mitochondria.</p><p><br/></p><p>And those cells are reproducing, they're doubling, they're making more mitochondria. So the, it's an effective communication signal with our body's function. It's always function that's going to heal the dysfunction. </p><p><br/></p><h2>War on Cancer Critique</h2><p><br/></p><p>The, what's the faulty premise. The faulty assumption, faulty basis of confusion, whether it's in world politics or in medicine which we call war means confusion is that we're going to fight evil with, we're going to damage evil, we're going to use force to fight evil.</p><p><br/></p><p>But the force creates damage. So we're amplifying the damage, the war on cancer, how's that doing? It's a war on cancer from whenever that was, sixties, seventies. What they're using to treat cancer is all carcinogenic. The breast cancer study that showed after the conventional treatments, you have 36 times more cancer stem cells, which are the ones that overproduce make a big tumor that's invasive and kill you.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, that's not the road we want to go down, but it's the road that if that were to be healed. Oh, it just came out yesterday. Information released from the 1960s. CIA had information they knew of cures for cancer. Oh yeah. There's over a hundred cures for cancer in the scientific literature.</p><p><br/></p><p>But I've literally read a letter from the FDA to someone who is trying to bring a non-toxic cancer treatment onto the market in the us. It was already approved in other countries. It was made from edon, greater celandine, an herb, but it was modified so they could patent it. So it was a non-toxic compound, just strengthened from the natural source, non-toxic the letter.</p><p><br/></p><p>To them said, I'm sorry. FDA does not have a mechanism to evaluate non-toxic cancer therapies. There's plenty of them that exist but the government's not in the business of licensing things that do no harm. No, sorry. Again, other countries, there's some people with different level of intent and consciousness and, at the helm of their health systems, probably different laws, et cetera. So they were able in 12 or 13 countries at that time to license it. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Licensing and Control</h2><p><br/></p><p>Once you get the idea of licensing, we just assume that licensing is just licensing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Everybody knows you get a license to get married. Wait who are you harming for thousands of years of the, of history that we know of. And probably before that it was never licensed.</p><p><br/></p><p>It started in the US after the Civil War. If somebody with skin like mine and somebody with dark skin wanted to get married, the state said in the south, they said, there's going to be violence if you do that. So you need a license. You cannot get married. An interracial marriage needs a license because there's potential harm.</p><p><br/></p><p>You need a driver's license because you might kill somebody with that big hunk of steel that you're moving fast down the highway a public way. But the, remember the Golum story, it grows in power. Governments always want, by their nature, a demon just wants power. It doesn't say I'm powerful enough.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, I don't want too much power. I might hurt somebody. It's no. Power. Power, greed. Power. So starting with interracial marriages, then we will just license all marriages. Yeah that's sure. That'll simplify it. We'll, just, why not? We can charge a fee. we'll have some, a little more control.</p><p><br/></p><p>We can say, oh no, you can't you can't get married. You're already married. Or, whatever our rules are. We have power. We have power over you. Instead of nature's law prevailing and us having to figure it out,</p><p><br/></p><h2>Tech Glitches and Banter</h2><p><br/></p><p>Hey,</p><p><br/></p><p>we're getting feedback. We can't hear you, and we're getting feedback.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're getting a weird sound. You sound like an alien. You still look like Mona though.</p><p><br/></p><p>And thank you for the video. Mona made a feedback video that's Submit Two actually sent one by email and one in the system and a written one. It's oh, thank you. So we can now see it how it works. And I got to see how the editing works inside that system. It's oh, it cut you off at three minutes.</p><p><br/></p><p>I have a question into the company. Why? And then they answered back it is five minutes or 10 minutes, depending on the plan. So I don't have a definite answer, but I can see when I went in. To check it out. Said, oh, three minute limit. It's what is what it is. So I just edit it to the end of a sentence and it's totally fine.</p><p><br/></p><p>Peach is making her way back in, you might have to write something in the,</p><p><br/></p><p>we cannot understand. You do sound like an alien. I hope you haven't been possessed by an alien.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wait, you're not American. You're an alien. So is Agnes, that's okay. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Hawaii Kingdom Story</h2><p><br/></p><p>I'm, if I'm a citizen of the kingdom of Hawaii, so I'm a citizen. I can be a citizen of United States if I want, I'm a citizen of the universe, what I really am. But I've had, I've been a card carrying citizen of the kingdom of Hawaii, which would make me an alien to United States.</p><p><br/></p><p>But you know what it's more properly the kingdom of Hawaii. United States took it because they wanted it. That's commerce. It's like we're taking this. What it was is they wanted to be able to take stuff from Spain like the Philippines, and they needed a coal refueling station halfway there.</p><p><br/></p><p>And they didn't just want to ask, they didn't want to, negotiate and say, how much would we have to pay you to, have a do some business here. And the Hawaiians were smart enough to not engage in the fight. They said, the Queen said no, it's not worth shedding a drop of Hawaiian blood. But under international law, I formally protest.</p><p><br/></p><p>This is unlawful. And we retain the perfect legal right to reinstate the Hawaiian Kingdom at such time as, as appropriate. Ray and I were there when the Hawaiians reinstated the kingdom. I don't know how many, 25 or so years ago. I don't know exactly when that was. There were five of us who were not Hawaiians, but we are Hawaiians under Hawaiian law, under kingdom law.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the funny part, the Hawaii Kingdom law. Anyone could be a citizen of the kingdom. It wasn't about race, anything racial, it could be Hawaiian, Polynesian, whatever. Half part German part, Scottish part. There was no law about that. </p><p><br/></p><p>When I was at Dartmouth, we heard a joke about a man up in New Hampshire. Say, have you lived here all your life? And his answer is, thinks about it. Not yet, I haven't.</p><p><br/></p><p>American law says you can't access your native lands of your family unless you have the paperwork to show it. And 25% blood. Yeah, we're going to be racial about it. The Hawaiians weren't racist. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Quantum Healing Explained</h2><p><br/></p><p>I came across Joe Dispenza as interview and he shared about cancer patients and how with quantum healing within his retreat, the cancer was gone. So how, like quantum healing can heal you instantly is my, I'm just wondering how does that happen?</p><p><br/></p><p>And this comes under the support, meditation is a support.</p><p><br/></p><p>I would say it's more stimulation. if it was just to relax to release stress. I could say maybe that's mainly support. We're supporting the body by taking away things that aren't needed, giving things that are needed when we're doing something active, which thinking, if the person is meditating on their cancer and visualizing it healing, visualizing the immune system going, immune cells, going in there and eating up the cancer cells and visualizing the kidneys, eliminating the toxins that were stored in the cancer, picturing light energy flowing through the body connecting with the earth and feeling that, to me thought, thought is very active.</p><p><br/></p><p>So I would tend to think of more of mental, emotional thought related. Prayer, meditation. I would tend to probably think of that primarily in the active stimulatory realm where it's stimulating other material mechanisms, in the body. And we don't know everything about how does a miracle work that's should be instantaneous, right?</p><p><br/></p><p>Is quantum healing miraculous? Is it instantaneous? Is something not miraculous because we intended to do No. What's the dividing line? Is there one is life miraculous? Hey, what about that is the way we can be a universal being present to infinity and beyond if we just allow it, rather than confining ourselves to the definition we've been given in our schooling and our training.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's no, you're in that chair. You stay in that chair and speak when you're spoken to. If I ask a question, you answer it, you give the right answer. I'll tell you what the right answer is. if we close ourselves down, we can become smaller. We can be as if we're smaller. Are we really smaller?</p><p><br/></p><p>The spirit's not smaller, but the spirit can even disappear from, in a sense dis it can set aside from being in the body and being embodied and allow a different spirit to control the life form. There's so many possibilities and it's, worthy of contemplation. I don't know the answer.</p><p><br/></p><p>I know that, yeah, that people work with Joe Dispenza, I see as very iconic of the power. He's focused on his mission is. To share and demonstrate and help people heal themselves with the power of the mind over matter. Will that heal everything? I don't think there's anything that heals everything.</p><p><br/></p><p>If Jesus didn't heal what was it, little James, the one with a limp deformity. And that was like a challenge for James to understand and finally got to talk to Jesus about it. And it's, the answer is if it was within God's will, then he would've been healed. Because he's there with the ultimate healer, the perfect healer who can do absolutely instantaneous healing of timelines.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay you've experienced this timeline and it has this impact on your body. But if I as being the, the supreme supreme power over time and space, I can just bring this other timeline where that never happened and put you on that. And now it's different.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now you've never had that, even though, I guess you'd still remember how the other timelines, so we're somehow that would be an, a miraculous healing to me represents the joining of two for formerly independent or separate timelines. Maybe they divide it at some point and now they're coming back together.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a structure in time and space. We know that the mind is half of the power of healing or of damage. The no SIBO and the placebo effect. So learning from a world class teacher like Joe Dispenza. It's yeah I have not spent a lot of time with him. </p><p><br/></p><p>No, no way. If you feel resonant, and that's the path that you a rabbit hole you want to go down. It's like there's a good one. It's a lot of people love it. And I would, I am pretty sure I would enjoy hearing more too. My challenge, like my hesitance about it, you probably can hear me saying, yeah but that's Joe Dispenza, he's promoting, this is all, there is, this is the only way to heal, is my thinking.</p><p><br/></p><p>I don't know if that's true. That could be a preconception That's about him. And there's other systems, people in German, new medicine, I see that way often as well. It's no, you don't need supplements. You don't need anything material. It's just healing the psychoemotional. That's the thing that, that heals everything.</p><p><br/></p><p>But if they're wrong, if that's a blind spot that they have, not for a bad reason, for, because they see so much of what it does, the thing that they're working with does, it's just the path that they're on. It's if I'm on that path, I don't see the path that's on the other side of the mountain. I'm not on it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I see the people who are getting the results with the path that I'm helping with, the path that I know I can't really, if I'm not on that other path, I can't really lead them or guide them on that. And I might say that path doesn't exist. That's not real. It's not real to me. It doesn't exist in my thinking, in my cosmology, in my map of the terrain.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's why for me, I'm more tend to be a very global thinker. Like a context all important in modeling. I don't want to leave anything out that's important. So I certainly don't want to leave out the work that people are doing with Joe Dispenza and the healings that they're getting.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's if anything, what that tells me is. I need to do more of that. I need to help do more guided imagery I need to do, and that's something I would love to do as we get our systems, more together. Like the fact that you bring it up in this context of talking about treatment, it's yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p>That should be, first of all it's half. We don't want to forget about the half just because we're thinking about, I'm thinking so much about the material remedies and how they work, and there's so much to that. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Intention Love and Coherence</h2><p><br/></p><p>And then what's the intention with which I'm taking that when I put the drops in the water and I stir it, what's my intention if I'm sing something, making, a auto hemo nosode from the mosquito, what's my intention and is that how, where does that intention sit in me?</p><p><br/></p><p>Where does it come from? How much of me does it feel? Is it from my thought? Like in language? I can say a prayer, I can say an affirmation and it can be meaningless if I'm not putting meaning in it. It's just sound. It's just, it says in scripture, a noisy gong and a clanging symbol.</p><p><br/></p><p>If there's no love, love in it? Am I putting love into it? There was a I heard about a homeopathic company that was still having their employees when they're in the break room, they have them sing the homeopathics to make the potencies versus most of the big companies, corporations now we do it by a jet stream of water.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so many seconds is equivalent to so many dilutions and seclusions. Okay, is it's equivalent in your model? Is it equal? No, it's not equal. It's different. Does it work as well? People report it doesn't work as well. There was a naturopath back some years ago heard about, it's oh he's making homeopathics from scratch, from the herbs, the minerals.</p><p><br/></p><p>He said, doing the whole thing the classic way. And doctors are fine when they use his, they work different. They work better. Yeah. The how about if anybody's ever used cannabis from different growers, experienced that? No, but if you do it's a spiritual herb. It's got a lot of spirit minerals in it.</p><p><br/></p><p>It has the essence the spirit of the person who was caring for it, good or bad.</p><p><br/></p><p>Any, anybody have similar confirmatory experience, peach that, is that something or that people have mentioned in your world? Come on, you're in Hawaii. You've heard somebody talk about this, oh, this is grown by so and it's got really good energy or, yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. </p><p><br/></p><p>How about our pets? Don't they have, we give them our spirit energy through love, and there's all these things.</p><p><br/></p><p>So the dog looks like the owner. It's yeah they've got, they're sharing spirit. When I test people that are, like partners, it's oh, look how the energies are resonant. There's not always, but there's often some great similarities yeah. There, there's some resonance going on there.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're still close. They haven't they're not about to divorce or something.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, </p><p><br/></p><p>I did have that situation with my cat back in probably 1993. I took my cat to a vet for and it was a homeopathic holistic vet, and she was given the remedy silica. Now there are thousands of homeopathic remedies, and I went the next week to my own homeopath, didn't tell him anything about the cat.</p><p><br/></p><p>Turns out he prescribed the exact same remedy for me. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>It was fascinating. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>That we had that coherence between us with different practitioners, different symptoms. It's a cat. She didn't even tell the symptoms, but we needed the same remedy. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. Remember entropy, which physics, physicists, scientists know all about.</p><p><br/></p><p>You can measure it. It's temperatures disorder, randomness. When you have non randomness like that, there's meaning in it. No. The meaning isn't in the thing itself. we find the meaning. We create the meaning by finding the relationship. Meaning is about relationship. Where do we create the meaning and the heart?</p><p><br/></p><p>It's about relationship. Love is the coherence, the feeling of coherence in that space of the heart. If it's future reference, it's hope. If it's past references, gratitude.</p><p><br/></p><p>But those are the coherent emotional states in a science of touch. Stic, the science of sentient touch what they find in the waveform. Only love is a coherent waveform. It doesn't decay over time. It's transcendent, it's trans dimensional across time. It's pretty trans dimensional across space as well.</p><p><br/></p><p>Do you stop loving somebody when they're further than, so many feet away? Or, oh, that's not, it's a different kind of love. There's different, and Greek agape and there's different types of love. But that full coherence is, oh, I'll love you forever.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. That's trans temporal. Because our spirit is, our spirit's already there. We know what that is. It's like, how about knowledge? What is it to, in this ordinary life experience? We have knowledge. We know things. We've had experiences and coherence and repeated things across the space and time.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so we have a certain certainty about it. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Prophetic Knowledge and Free Will</h2><p><br/></p><p>Has anybody here had a trans dimensional experience of knowledge? Infused knowledge? in seizures throughout my life. There's been multiple times when I had my spirit had an encounter with what I interpret as an angel. Because it's human form communication interaction that was trans dimensional.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was not exactly in the space that my body was in while it was seizing various differences, sometimes very similar some little differences. But information was imparted to me that turned out to be prophetic. The name of who I was going to marry two years before and the state that she'd be from, which is where she was living at the time.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the name was her given name that her parents gave her when she was born. Not the name she was going by at the time. And that's why I'm here in Hawaii. It was like, oh, that was part of my journey. That was already, is the future already there? Is it real? Yes. Do we have free will? Yes. Isn't that a miracle?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. It's it's not determinism, it's not determined. And yet it's all, it's real. We have freedom. Do we have total freedom? No. None of us have total freedom. I think even God doesn't have total freedom because he's constrained by love. He's constrained by his own nature of goodness. That's a higher debate, but we do have freedom to navigate. If we didn't have freedom, we wouldn't be real. We couldn't grow. We couldn't learn. We couldn't develop, we couldn't change. That's what the angels are pissed about. The ones that fell. They said, you're creating these material beings that have the ability to redeem themselves to grow and develop and, spend eternity with you.</p><p><br/></p><p>And when we have perfect intelligence we can't, we're immortal. We can't die. Oh, but you can't learn either. Can't grow. We can't really change you. You make that one, one decision and you can't change it. It's this material body that allows us to change. It's an anchor. It's oh, the spirit could just oh, whatever.</p><p><br/></p><p>We think that and we're there. Boom. Done. There's no consequence. Because the spirit can't die. We have consequences that, that give weight. Weight, yeah. Material word give weight to our choices. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Owning Mistakes and Growth</h2><p><br/></p><p>We can make a mistake. Sin just means missing the mark. We can miss the mark. And then do we learn from it?</p><p><br/></p><p>If we not, if we don't accept it, we made a mistake. If it's if I'm defending the mistake or still choosing the mistake, I'm not growing, I'm not learning. I'm not being acting as a viable soul, as a growing, developing spirit within the bio body suit.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now, if I'm, if I am seeing that, oh, I missed the mark, I really wanted, I really didn't want to react that way. When I heard that thing, Ray said something and I was hurt. I felt hurt. I don't want to feel hurt. I, but I was, and then I reacted and then she reacted to reaction. We can miss the mark of what we're, what we want, what we desire, what we're intending.</p><p><br/></p><p>And if I, only if I can accept, yeah, I did that and I didn't want to, okay, that's sin. It's not, not a mortal sin. It's a venial, a little sin. It's a missing. The Mark Saints are the people who are most acutely aware of how they're missing the mark because they're getting closer and closer to the bullseye.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it's infinite. An infinite job, an infinite process. And the closer you are, the more acutely you feel the miss. It's ah,</p><p><br/></p><p>the one who's not looking to correct, to self-correct. To again, first I have to own that, that I did it, that it wasn't done To me, it's not her fault. It's not God's fault. It's not their fault. And it's not, if I can accept that I, I did it and I made an error, I did something that I didn't want to do. I didn't intend to do that.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a mistake, it's an error. If I'm accepting the responsibility, I say how, but how can I do that? How can I do that differently? Now I'm accepting responsibility and now I'm back. I have my hands on the wheel again. It's not oh, they made me do it when we, as soon as we accept and own our errors, which is the only thing we can truly own.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because everything good is a miracle. It's just here. It's supplied to us. If I own the errors, the mistakes I can learn from them. If I'm resisting that, if I'm projecting it's somebody else's fault, I'm, can I learn from their fault? No, I just learned that they're stupid or they're wrong or that I hate them, or they're mean, or they don't understand me, or they all be true.</p><p><br/></p><p>But that doesn't help me. It doesn't. I don't grow from that. And that's the point. It's if I own the mistake, I can learn from it. Now, if I've learned from it, was it a mistake? Not anymore. It was a step in learning who made no mistakes? I guess God made no mistakes. His mother was free of sin.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's the only two I think I know of. All the other saints, in my cosmology, they're sinners. They're, they make mistakes. They're the most acutely aware of their mistakes. That's how they got to be so good from our perspective. How did you get to be so amazing? So good? Accepting. See, to, I got to see my faults before I can do something different if I'm perfect.</p><p><br/></p><p>In my mind. And if I'm creating that illusion I'm fine. I'm perfect, but everybody else is just stupid. I'm not going to grow, am I? They might grow in stupidity in my eyes, probably will, because they'll keep doing stupid things and I won't figure out how to become humble enough and loving enough to try to correct them.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's Hey, did you ever think of doing it this other way? I would love to see that, that could be cool.</p><p><br/></p><p>I remember that Oprah suggested that we might suggest to someone who, in that kind of situation, would you like a redo to give them the opportunity to think about what they had said or done and give them an opportunity to think through and perhaps do it in a different way or say something in a different way.</p><p><br/></p><p>Nice. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's, it's wise for us to think about that for our own actions and things that we say. And also it could be a kind thing to offer to someone else to give them an opportunity to act or say in a better way. And if they don't, then </p><p><br/></p><p>yeah. And it could be to think about what how could we reframe how could we </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes.</p><p><br/></p><p>Buy a redo from this other angle, this other perspective, another option. Let's try it this way. Yeah. Yeah. We learned by. Repetition, not just from repeating the same thing. Oh, what is Einstein says the the ultimate insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting a different result.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's yeah, doing it the right way is not coming out right. But I like the idea, it was a term they used in NLP neurolinguistic programming, I think of requisite variety. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's a concept that hits deeply with me because of my mercurial, my, my mercury poisoning, I'm very changeable.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's all going to be variety. Everything's different. It's all different. So I need the, I don't know where it's going to land. So I need a the fully global, universal cosmic map, so I know even where I am, so I'm not lost. So I'm not just in, in entropy of randomness.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm like, oh, that's interesting. Look where I landed here. Oh, now I feel this. Oh, okay. This is what's happening. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Heart Meaning and Syntropy</h2><p><br/></p><p>That's all earlier about being present. How where's this coming from within me is this is my heart. The center, an oriental medicine, that's the emperor. When the heart is the center, everybody's good, everybody's happy, everybody's on board.</p><p><br/></p><p>So that's the feeling of the heart. But the, that means that the heart the source of love is concerned about everybody else. So if somebody else is not happy, not coherent, you're not happy that the, that heart center is now. Focused on the problem the part that's not coherent, the anger, the frustration, the fear, the sadness, the grief, the worry, whatever, whatever other player is like, having a challenge.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's oh, I care enough about you to feel. Maybe that's it. It's like we're feeling all those emotions. We are feeling emotion centered in the heart, but it's, oh, like that picture, that one slide showing the center where the senses come get organized and how it moves in different directions for different conditions.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that's in the left, that's in the right side of the chest. So it has to do with the lungs. The heart is the next stage in the consciousness cycle as I'm seeing it. So I'm still not, I'm not sure how all that works. We breathe in the spirit minerals into the lungs, and somehow that's associated with the sensory, just the raw sensory information, the data the sensory fields, the seeing it, hearing it not the meaning, yet not extracting the meaning or centering on ooh, what's meaningful.</p><p><br/></p><p>But then what's breathed into the lungs that goes in the blood right to the heart is the next step, and then is pumped to the rest of the body. Heart has that strong, powerful magnetic field. That's where we create the meaning. That's where it's that gestalt of that moment. The meaning is assigned to it.</p><p><br/></p><p>The importance the figure and ground. What's important? What's just the setting, the background. Yeah. Talking to Mona about, visual imagery. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Graphic arts. Yeah. The figure figurine ground. Also Buckminster Fullers, geodesic dome you mentioned about, so we studied in geometry class.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>And the structure of it we build it but also in India there is this oral RA mother, the mother and or Orbin. They both built this geodesic dome where you can meditate. So I was just wondering that you were talking about like the small molecule geo yeah, </p><p><br/></p><p>the geodesic, the Buckminster Fullerene.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Like it's so mini, like molecular level. Whereas there are these big structures also. So in every way it helps like being in the center of that structure and also that structure is within us. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>It's interesting and </p><p><br/></p><p>interesting. Another interesting angle on Buckminster Fuller is one of the few who talks specifically about Syntropy.</p><p><br/></p><p>He thinks about Syntropy. Oh yeah, okay. There's a, a </p><p><br/></p><p>And he also, </p><p><br/></p><p>yeah, </p><p><br/></p><p>he also had, I myopia, high myopia. And he saw blurred. He didn't know until some years that this is not the way</p><p><br/></p><p>ah, yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Like he, he saw blurred vision. Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>It's so interesting.</p><p><br/></p><p>I think there's no end of interesting. But if we can learn how to be interested. I to be interesting, you got to be interested. But learning what interests us, following interest, where does interest come from?</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not willed, it's spontaneous, isn't it? So it comes from a deeper, greater whole of self than just the will. The free will, the choice. But yet it's the guide, it's the greater information source that's guiding that free will choice. I'm going to do this or I'm going to do that. I'm really interested in this, but I should do this.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I need to do that, but I'm interested in this. Yeah. It's, there's so many distinctions of meaning. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Law Language and Transparency</h2><p><br/></p><p>Back to words, the distinction of meaning of words and how then that's twisted when and by attorneys, by law, by writing laws of how is, I have a question. How is it that we can be rational beings if we say that?</p><p><br/></p><p>That we vote for people to represent us in Washington, DC in the states, in our government. And they write laws. They vote on laws. They pass laws. That's the law that governs what we need to do to avoid the use of force by the government that we create. That's, artificial entity. And when, now, nowadays when they do that, they often have 24 hours to read 10,000 pages.</p><p><br/></p><p>And we say, we call that, we still frame that in law as. The ascent of the will of that representative, our representative it's their will that this be the law to represent us in choosing how to govern ourselves. It's like there's so many disconnects there. It's here's a book. This is my will.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's I haven't read it, so I contemplate what would be the correction for that? If we were going to move things in a good, a better direction. Say let's say any law has to fit on one page, type font that people can read. And it has to be understandable to, a person with, whatever.</p><p><br/></p><p>Third grade reading, understanding, no special legalese. We're going to define this term here, and then in this other section, it's, we're going to use it by that definition, not by the one that you use when you're speaking with people. It should be understandable, it should be simple. Should be short enough that people can actually, everybody can actually read it.</p><p><br/></p><p>I think if they're going to have them vote on laws. What if we can require our representative to make a video of themselves reading the whole law before they can vote on it? That would help. It's oh darn, we can't do a 10,000 page bill where we, each of us gets to put in a page of our what we want.</p><p><br/></p><p>You give me, you let me get, my special multimillion dollar project for my home area that I can give the contract to my buddies or my cousin, or whatever. It's,</p><p><br/></p><h2>Mercury Poisoning and Testing Limits</h2><p><br/></p><p>I have a question going back to what you were saying about being mercurial and how something about variety in your system from having had mercury poisoning. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep,  </p><p><br/></p><p>I'm curious because I've said for years that my middle name is variety. I'm just not consistent with bedtime or, all different kinds of things.</p><p><br/></p><p>Like people who have more normal lives. So for you to mention that about yourself and variety associated with mercury, which I've had severe mercury poisoning. Yeah. So I'm really curious if you could expound on that a little bit. </p><p><br/></p><p>The word mercurial, if you look it up in the dictionary, that's a meaning of changeable.</p><p><br/></p><p>Why is it used in thermometer? Because it changes volume with temperature. Which is </p><p><br/></p><p>Sure. </p><p><br/></p><p>So it's a measure. Mercury is a measure of temperature, therefore of entropy, randomness, disorder. Mercury symptoms are aggravated by both heat and cold.</p><p><br/></p><p>And how do you mentioned about yourself being mercurial in what regard? </p><p><br/></p><p>I was dying of mercury poisoning. I found out when I was 30, I suspect because I had 14 large amalgam fillings, but it wasn't showing up in trace mineral hair analysis, which is what I had done on myself.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because I like that it's, I can do it on myself and it's non-invasive. It doesn't, does no harm. Yeah. But that's an excretion tissue. My body wasn't strong enough to get it out, so it was storing up in my body. I would've died of a stroke. If mercury breaks blood vessels, I would've died of a stroke.</p><p><br/></p><p>Had small strokes, TBIs?</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>Puss and blood are classic symptoms of mercury poison and the severe mercury poisoning makes you shake, called Minamata disease. So people in Minamata, there was a manufacturing facility that was putting mercury into the bay, and the fish were taken up.</p><p><br/></p><p>People were sick fishing and eating the fish, and a lot of them getting sick and dying. </p><p><br/></p><p>I see quite a few people shaking. </p><p><br/></p><p>I've thought for years that it has to do with toxins. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. If somebody has Parkinson's, does it mean they don't have mercury in their system? No. The western idea of diagnosis to know the difference. Do you know the difference between shaking from Parkinson's and shaking from mercury?</p><p><br/></p><p>When mercury can cause any symptom, any disease appearance, just depending where it is. </p><p><br/></p><p>If </p><p><br/></p><p>you haven't tested for mercury, no. You don't know. And if you tested it in the blood, do you know it's not in the brain? We don't. So the limitations of material testing is just that there's limitations of energetic, informational bio communication testing as well.</p><p><br/></p><p>Only going to see what the body responds to. But given the intelligence of the body, I say it's smarter than any government or corporation or committee or person with a degree using their knowledge that they learned at the top school. It's it is what has survived. So it's, it works. I've seen my body intelligence make me survive when my consciousness surely would not have, where I would've fallen down a thousand foot cliff.</p><p><br/></p><p>Couple times crossing the great divide of Rocky Mountains, my body stopped. And then I realized, I saw, then I saw where I was like, oh, bones at the bottom from mountain goats. If they're falling down here, I could have,</p><p><br/></p><p>The language thing is a powerful angle. Because what does a word mean? What do we, what meaning do we give it? If I have a diagnosis that's a name, what does it mean?</p><p><br/></p><p>Treatment. There's, treatment with drugs you can treat with a drug rather than at a suppressive level. You can take that to a stimulatory level by wearing it. Put one pill in a medicine pouch, put it in your pocket, put it in a Ziploc bag in your pocket.</p><p><br/></p><p>If it's within a centimeter of the body, we know from the German studies, the body is responding to it energetically. It's not responding to it chemically. But the energetic changes are 85% of the changes usually doesn't mean it'll be good for us. Energetically 15% of prescription drugs and over the counter drugs have a coherence effect a balancing, a healing effect on the body.</p><p><br/></p><p>Energetically, they may still have a chemical toxicity effect. So then. Like the first place I heard that was a lecture at Dartmouth in biology and the, it was a professor's like assistant who was like standing in for the professor. Something happened and she shared this observation that her migraines don't happen.</p><p><br/></p><p>If she has her medicine in her pocket, they do happen if it's in her briefcase or purse. And she was curious, like she really wondered, maybe someday one of you out there will figure out why that happens. It's yeah, okay. That was prophetic. I remembered that made, had more impact on me than, all the repetitions of here's what I learned as a graduate student.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now I'm going to teach you. It's here's okay here's the same old, but a living being saying, I noticed something. Oh. So that's why, to me, I react about the idea that, oh, it's just anecdotal. Somebody just had an experience. We can't learn anything from that. That's what you we're taught in medical school.</p><p><br/></p><p>Medical school. Literally, I've heard from people, what they are taught in medical school verbatim is do not listen to your patients. They will throw you off. That means your model is wrong. It's being falsified in front of you, and they're teaching you to be spiritually blind. My father, fortunately was the opposite.</p><p><br/></p><p>He said you learned enough to get your license. That's all that means. You learned, enough school, this school, the state says you're, get to start practicing. It doesn't mean you'd know everything. If you want to learn the rest, listen to your patients. And I extend that. Listen to other people who are.</p><p><br/></p><p>Doing something other than what they learned in school as well? Or what school did they go to? Oh, you went to Barbara Brennan's school. I'm interested in what you learned and what you observe. It's because she's doing something. She's a real scientist. Why? Because that's observing and creating meaning out of those observations.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's all. What does science mean? Oh, it means it has to be peer reviewed. No, it means you have to be Dr. Anthony Fauci. I am science. He said it like, okay. There's a lot of things, different meanings to science aren't there. And some of those to me are the opposite. Like not observing. He's science. So do what he says when you find out he, he's making it up just to make money and have power.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, that's not the kind of, that's not a living being, that's not a viable soul. I don't expect we'll see him on the other side. I hope not. I hope we're not where he is.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Environment Light and Ancient Mysteries</h2><p><br/></p><p>What other kind of, what kind of treatments maybe we aren't thinking of. How about we treat our environment to make it more conducive to healing. Blocking out light. Artificial light, especially white blue light. Lights from passing, cars coming through the window and we're sleeping. Street lights.</p><p><br/></p><p>Anything brighter than the full moon will shut off the pineal.</p><p><br/></p><p>I wonder.</p><p><br/></p><p>It makes me wonder about, there, there's a theory that, that's interesting. That the moon used to be closer to earth at one time when the pyramids were being built. There's a whole circle of pyramids all around the earth. And it's not aligned with the equator. It's a tilt.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's often an angle. But theory is that the moon was closer to the earth and that was basically the equator that it was rotating around or the great circle. And because it was closer, the electrical difference was very powerful. There were a lot of electric discharges and that they were using that electrical power through the pyramids to, to do to to process gold and then process it into spirit form.</p><p><br/></p><p>But if it was so much closer, if we had the sun as we have now, it would be that much bigger and therefore brighter. Would it be brighter or would it be the same amount of the same size? It's receiving the same amount of light energy. It would be less bright. Wouldn't it be, it would be the same amount of light spread over a larger area.</p><p><br/></p><p>Huh.</p><p><br/></p><p>So then it's the same amount of light, so then it would make sense. We'd still be, equally as adapted to moonlight at that point with the moon being closer to the earth as we are now. That makes sense to me. I was contemplating thinking how this, fit with our sensitivity to moonlight brightness, if the moon's closer, if that's brighter, if this is a biological adaptation of the bio body suit.</p><p><br/></p><p>In fact, that's not going to change in a few thousand years. But if it's the same amount of brightness, same amount of light, just spread over a larger area, not a problem.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. There's so many questions, so many things that are, could be interesting to me. That's interesting. Do you, have you seen pictures of like ancient sites around the world that have these stone, giant stones that are perfectly fit together? Looks like they were poured? If they had a whole lot more energy and the plasma state, then stone would be a lot closer to where it could be malleable like that. And you know how on, on those structures, oftentimes there's little look like little handles, little protrusions coming out. They often have, there's not a lot of them, but you'll see if there's an opening, an entrance, you'll often see them above it and then randomly some other places.</p><p><br/></p><p>It'll be one, the ones above the entrance, above the openings were explained that in a highly electrical environment. those would take the discharge. The discharge, any point is going to concentrate the electrical discharge. So it would make it safe to go through that opening. I like contemplating possible solutions to things that otherwise are like, we don't know. Don't have any idea. Here's an idea. It's oh, that's interesting. It's not okay, that has to be the idea. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Cosmology Intuition and Closing</h2><p><br/></p><p>If somebody comes along, even if it's somebody smarter than you, like Halton, ARP number two in cosmology and says, actually, we don't have evidence of the, of a big bang.</p><p><br/></p><p>We don't know how big or how old the universe is, but we can see that the things that you're thinking are the furthest away. And they're like, these really giant, really energetic, they're, we don't know what they are. We call, they're quasars. They're redshift. They're far, they must, they're so redshift.</p><p><br/></p><p>They must be moving away from us at, so fast. That makes the, that's what makes the light Redshift. The assumption is that's all that could make light Redshift. There's no other possible idea to consider. So when he wrote his book on the solution that he saw that they're actually nearby, they're Redshift.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because they're babies, they're small, they're, they don't have the level of energy that they do. As they mature, they get more energy and the shift becomes less red relative to us. Oh. And that means the blue shift, there's blue shift of galaxies around us.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it means instead of them the standard interpretation is that means they're careening toward us. How did they do that? If you think the ga the whole universe is expanding, then how does something decide to move toward something else?</p><p><br/></p><p>None of it makes sense, but within the frame, as long as you keep all the. Extraneous information that doesn't fit. As long as you say, we're going to put a frame around this part, we're not going to ignore what else is happening in the room. We're not going to consider near death experiences. And people seeing through walls and, seeing different frequencies directly in a full sphere.</p><p><br/></p><p>And coming back from the other side saying, it's I was met by so and they tell them, that's impossible because he's not dead. And you went, if you think you're on the other side, that's just supposed to be dead people, so it can't be. And then they find out, oh, that person actually died right just before that time.</p><p><br/></p><p>So there's so much, real true information that's transmitted in other ways than just our ordinary. The five senses intuition, is that through the five senses? Where have breakthroughs in science come from? A lot of them been through long contemplation and then Aha. I see it. It's spontaneous.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not, I measured it a hundred times. And like the opposite is who invented the light bulb? </p><p><br/></p><p>Edison. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Thank you. Thomas Edison was a plodder. He was not a genius or, he was, you just do experiment a thousand times till one worked and he's got a light bulb. He was not a visionary, he was not intuitive, he was just persistent. That's a different kind of science. It's still exploring but more on the material side, less on the spiritual side.</p><p><br/></p><p>I think one theory is he saw a light bulb working. He knew it was possible. That's why he didn't give up. He saw Tesla in his lab doing all kinds of crazy things. He was doing some time travel and all kinds of crazy things.</p><p><br/></p><h1>Addendum:</h1><p><br/></p><h2>Research Followup on Lunar Brightness with a closer Earth orbit:</h2><p><br/></p><p>If the Moon were at half its current average distance from Earth (approximately 192,200 km instead of 384,400 km), assuming no other changes (e.g., same size, albedo, and solar illumination), the effects on brightness would depend on whether we're considering the overall amount of light or the intensity per unit angular area. This analysis treats the Moon as an extended diffuse reflector of sunlight, using basic radiative transfer principles.</p><h3>Intensity for a Given Angular Area (Surface Brightness)</h3><ul><li>This refers to the perceived brightness per unit solid angle (e.g., per square arcsecond of the Moon's disk), also known as surface brightness or radiance.</li><li>It would remain <strong>unchanged</strong>.</li><li>Reason: The Moon's intrinsic radiance (light emitted per unit area per unit solid angle) is conserved. As the distance decreases, the increase in flux received (following the inverse square law) is exactly offset by the Moon subtending a larger angular area in the sky. Halving the distance doubles the angular diameter (from about 0.5° to 1°), quadrupling the apparent area, but the brightness density stays the same. You'd see a larger Moon, but no brighter or dimmer per patch of its surface.</li></ul><h3>Overall Amount of Light (Total Irradiance or Integrated Brightness)</h3><ul><li>This refers to the total light flux received at Earth from the entire Moon, such as the overall moonlight illuminance on the ground or the integrated visual brightness/magnitude of the Moon as a whole.</li><li>It would <strong>increase by a factor of 4</strong> (quadruple).</li><li>Reason: The solid angle subtended by the Moon quadruples (∝ 1/d²), and since the irradiance equals the (constant) surface radiance times the solid angle, the total light received quadruples. Nights would be noticeably brighter under a full Moon, and the Moon's total apparent magnitude would brighten by about 1.5 (since magnitude scales as -2.5 log₁₀(flux)). This assumes a full Moon phase for simplicity; other phases would scale similarly.</li></ul><h2>What this means:</h2><p><br/></p><p>My evaluation was correct that the brightness of the moon in closer orbit would not change. It would appear larger, but with the same intensity per angular subtense (visual angle). While the total amount of light would increase, the brightness of the moon's surface would stay the same.</p>