---
title: "Healing Your Past 1B - Accelerated Self Healing Timeline"
access: member
downloads: []
---
<h1>Healing Your Past 1B</h1><h2>Accelerated Self Healing Timeline</h2><p><br/></p><p><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uvQPthNsKio?&amp;wmode=opaque" width="640"></iframe></span><br/></p><p><br/></p><h1>Healing Your Past 1B</h1><p><br/></p><h2>Accelerated Self Healing Timeline</h2><p><br/></p><p>Accelerated self-healing, reversing a year of damage in one month.</p><p><br/></p><p>Remedy match. That's the company and that makes remedies.</p><p><br/></p><p>Restore coherence with the perfect remedy match. Remedy match.com.</p><p><br/></p><p>Nature's pharmacy. We've become nature deficient.</p><p><br/></p><p>All healing is self-healing. We are always healing with the resources at hand the best we can.</p><p><br/></p><p>Perfect is a verb, instead of perfect. We're never perfect, but we can always perfect. We can always be perfecting. Healing is faster with all the right resources. Being born is challenging, but it beats the alternative. </p><p><br/></p><h2>The Future of Healing and Wellness</h2><p><br/></p><p>So we have ,birth at the beginning of our chart here, and you are here, this little green line where all the action starts for the future for healing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Your past is still present and you can still finish healing. It's the past on the left side of the line. The present is a gift. Open it with pure intention. The future starts now. You can feel it calling you. The body is from the past. It's your sacred vessel. The mind is presence. It's your captain. So a vessel, like a ship, and your mind is the captain.</p><p><br/></p><p>Your spirit is from the future. It's your immortal soul and your sail. Life begins with challenges and then more unfinished healing accumulates. So we see the healthline starting not at the very top of where it could have been. Like, I got mercury from my mom. It concentrates 24 times across the placenta.</p><p><br/></p><p>I think she had amalgam fillings put in just before, or during pregnancy. That would've been the worst time. That could be part of what got me. What challenges did you inherit? Our roots go deep and they need healing. So family history. Last time we covered that. What challenges have you faced?</p><p><br/></p><p>Residual effects can be cleared. That's what we're talking about this week. What genes are stuck on stress. Learn to turn on genes of health, and we're going to cover that in depth next week. What is wellness? Reach for your potential. Are you healthy? How can you tell? How do we know? Many people who I've seen first visit, they're coming to me for alternative support to heal cancer, and part of their story is, " I can't believe I have cancer.</p><p><br/></p><p>I was the healthiest person I know. For the last 20 or 30 years, I didn't even get a fever. I didn't have a flu or a cold." Big red flag goes up in me. I hate to do this, but I'm going to transform your understanding of that history. That means your body didn't have enough energy for your immune system to mount a fever.</p><p><br/></p><p>Doesn't mean that you weren't exposed to flu viruses and cold viruses. It means your body wasn't able to cleanse. Colds and flus are seasonal cleansing. My first mentor taught me, " watch out in the future when they come out with a vaccine for the common cold." Let's see, what is that? COVID. Oh yeah. " There'll be way more cancer."</p><p><br/></p><p>And now we see lots more turbo cancers. What is your body up to? Is there a method to its madness? What's going on in my body? Something's happening. Is it intelligent? Does it work to stay well? Why do we get sick, and can drugs help the feeling, but hurt the healing?</p><p><br/></p><p>Susceptible? Not ill, but not well.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wellness is up here. We want to be up in the wellness category.</p><p><br/></p><p>Change ill to well. Go from I to we, because by myself I didn't have a solution, but when combined with my naturopathic mentor, healed me and I learned how I could apply that knowledge to others. So we worked together on it.</p><p><br/></p><p>Our bodies navigate terrain. Our minds can learn to help our symptoms get our attention. We need to learn what they mean. The symptom is not our body trying to kill us.</p><p><br/></p><p>" You have an autoimmune condition. It means your immune system is attacking your tissues and cells. It's trying to kill you."</p><p><br/></p><p>" You have cancer. It means that those cells are trying to kill your body."</p><p><br/></p><p>When we transform our understanding of that, that it's all part of healing processes and we support the function, it's always the function that heals the dysfunction, not killing the dysfunction. That just kills us faster.</p><p><br/></p><p>What is aging? Can the damage be reversed? Why are diseases aging related? Are they really Irreversible? What is a diagnosis? Is it a cause or is it just another effect? Does treatment heal? How do I know which therapies 'first do no harm?' The Hippocratic oath. That's going to be covered. We're going to focus in on that in week 10.</p><p><br/></p><p>What is the prognosis? The final week, week 12. Is it a self-fulfilling prophecy, if I believe it? Statistics tell us yes, for most people, we'll die real close to the time they're told they're going to die, because it's a message to every cell in your body.</p><p><br/></p><p>Regulation is your responsibility, your ability to respond.</p><p><br/></p><p>How do you respond to well-matched remedies?</p><p><br/></p><p>Do what you've done before and continue on that path. If you do what you've done before, you're going to get the same results. Einstein said it's the definition of insanity to expect different results by continuing to do the same thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>The only solution to the problems that we've created is a different level of thinking than the level of thinking that created the problems.</p><p><br/></p><p>Have faith you can heal. Miracles are real. They transcend time. They're instantaneous. They come from the future, not from the past and not from temporal causality.</p><p><br/></p><p>' Pray, fast, and tie up your camel' is an old saying. Prayer and fasting are known as the most effective spiritual healing, but they say, that doesn't mean you don't tie up your camel. Do prevention even though you are doing meditation and fasting. Still exercise, still eat right when you stop in between your fasts. Degeneration doesn't stop itself without faith and self-healing.</p><p><br/></p><p>You'll choose what looks easier, suppression of the symptoms, which causes more suffering.</p><p><br/></p><p>Pharmacy originates from magic. Pharmakia it's called in old scripture. Which is the illusion of healing by applying toxins, which in modern terms we call allopathic medicine, meaning a different disease.</p><p><br/></p><p>You manage the symptoms of a disease by giving a different disease, which is the treatment. Drugs are a top cause of death, and disability, and suffering. Most public health studies say it's the third leading cause of death. There are studies that say it's the second leading cause of death. There's one study I've seen that identifies the root cause of death and then it comes out number one.</p><p><br/></p><p>How fast can you heal? If lots of things are stuck in the way, it can take some time at first, so that's showing blocked regulation. But in my experience, most people who are doing accelerated self-healing who have blocked regulation, they may be losing vision before they start and then it stabilizes.</p><p><br/></p><p>So they're not getting better yet, but they're not getting worse in most cases. That's blocked regulation. You don't get better when you try. That's blocked regulation.</p><p><br/></p><p>You feel worse before you get better? A healing crisis or cleansing reaction. And we reframe ' better out than in.' You look at the symptoms. Is it a loose stool? The body's getting something out it doesn't want to reabsorb the liver. Doesn't want it. Say, get it out of here. Changes like unusual smell or color to the urine? I'm sweating a lot? That's a route of elimination, so this is probably a cleansing reaction or healing crisis.</p><p><br/></p><p>Your body is working hard. Negative regulation means as you clean house, you can stir up some dust. But if you can look around and say, " it looks cleaner in here, but I'm sneezing." Okay, the sneezing is elimination symptom. And you can see you've cleared some space. Not quite sure worse out here, but better inside.</p><p><br/></p><p>Things like sleep, conscious, memory, mental focus, energy levels, things that are more core to the spirit and the mind, and things moving out through the body, especially the outer tissue layers of the body, and also moving downward in the body, down and out. The symptoms go down and out, so you don't be down and out.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mixed regulation is next. The depth in the cells and tissues shows if the change is good or not. If it's moving out of the cells, moving out of the nucleus, out of the cytoplasm, out of the connective tissue, out of the lymph, out of the blood, out in the urine, sweat, feces. That's the direction we want it to go.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now it's all good. It helps when you see good changes. Positive regulation shows you the light at the end of the tunnel.</p><p><br/></p><p>And out of the tunnel into the light. You have more juice, you feel young. You heal fast. You love your life. This is optimum regulation. A person who doesn't need coaching, if they have positive regulation, they really don't need coaching. They could benefit from it, but they don't need it because they can tell what's good for them. It's like, " I know I need to exercise more. When I do it, I feel better. I know I need to eat better. I feel better when I do eat better. I know I need to do some intermittent fasting because I always feel better when I've done that."</p><p><br/></p><p>That person's in positive or optimum regulation.</p><p><br/></p><p>Optimum. It's like " I feel better right away when I do something that's good for me. I feel it. That's great. I know it's good." They're self-regulating. They're healing without all the disruptions and challenges and blocks and confusion of the lower levels of regulation.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Achieving Optimum Health and Longevity</h2><p><br/></p><p>You did it. You have optimum regulation. This is what life should feel like.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now what? You can be well and stay well with less pain and stress. The beauty of longevity with a long, full life, you are free to thrive and serve.</p><p><br/></p><p>When we improve our health, our wellness, we get longer life and less time of degeneration, and suffering, and dependence on others.</p><p><br/></p><p>What if your health is great? Then you don't go through those lower stages of regulation. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Healing and Biological Age Reduction</h2><p><br/></p><p>"I took my remedies the first day and I felt something's different. Just subtle, but I feel energy, I feel good. Something good is happening." That's a great sign. You can heal fast from day one. Get your biological age down.</p><p><br/></p><p>How fast can you heal? </p><p><br/></p><h2>Success Stories and Health Span Value</h2><p><br/></p><p>An 80 plus year old with macular degeneration got his driver's license back in one month. He was back building barns because he could drive his truck. He was obviously pretty fit. He was 86 building barns.</p><p><br/></p><p>He is physically active. Not as much when he can't drive and do his work. But in one month, we never heard back, we had to ask the client who had referred him and said, " oh yeah, he's back to work."</p><p><br/></p><p>What is health span worth? We're healthier to start with, we can achieve greater health span than if it takes us a while. Either way, we're increasing our health span, which is how long we get to experience being healthy and a mentor to others with our wisdom because we've had all this experience.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you go blind, the cost is high. $24,000 a year on top of the loss of quality of life. Insurance doesn't pay for health. More than $2,000 a month is the average now in the US. It buys healthcare that keeps you sick. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Critique of Modern Medicine and Pharma</h2><p><br/></p><p>There's a quote from Mark Twain, Samuel Clemens.</p><p><br/></p><p>" It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so."</p><p><br/></p><p>Pharma doesn't profit from health. Less health means more drug sales. Take more drugs, you get less health and that means more drug sales. Americans take the most drugs. We are not drug deficient and we're not healthy.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Future of Medicine: Frequencies and Natural Therapies</h2><p><br/></p><p>By now you see,</p><p><br/></p><p>"medicine of the future will be the medicine of frequencies." Einstein quote.</p><p><br/></p><p>And  one of my articles, "breakthroughs in reversing blinding eye disease lead to a new theory of everything" in science times.</p><p><br/></p><p>Or one from USA today "revolutionizing the world of medicine with natural therapies."</p><p><br/></p><p>Accelerated self-healing, reversing a year of damage in one month with precision selected functional formulations, holistic healing oasis power tools, backed by over 40 years of research, clinical theory, and clinical praxis.</p><p><br/></p><p>Restore coherence, energetically correct precision remedy matching without leaving home.</p><p><br/></p><p>Do it yourself. Done with you, done for you.</p><p><br/></p><p>150 plus functional formulations, pure, potent, practical.</p>