---
access: member
downloads: []
title: Healing the Past Discussion 1A
---

<p><br/></p><p><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kyuLEX-9iCU?&amp;wmode=opaque" width="640"></iframe></span></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><h2>Introduction to the Waterfall</h2><p><br/></p><p>I got a waterfall behind me, which we do. We have a waterfall across the street. It's the last one on the largest flowing river in the island chain. So in the central Pacific.</p><p><br/></p><p>When the rain's up slope, we can feel the earth shaking in our yard.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wow. Yeah. Very nice. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Vivian's Wild Ride: A Documentary</h2><p><br/></p><p>I saw a documentary on a woman who has been a film editor all of her life.</p><p><br/></p><p>She loved her whole life, and now she's been diagnosed with wet macular degeneration to the point that her central vision is destroyed. So she's telling the story of how all this happened. It's a great story from her growing up time and what happened to her and how she found herself in San Francisco and wow to fall into this film editing business.</p><p><br/></p><p>But what she's been doing since being diagnosed is she,  has been getting tutored in this is how you walk with the white cane, with  the red end. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right? </p><p><br/></p><p>This is what you listen for at the street and other cues. And then she thought she was pretty cocky like, "I know what I'm doing."</p><p><br/></p><p>And she signed up to go to a conference, and she thought she could just take the Uber, get dropped off, do her thing. She said right away, just the elevators, she realized feeling the buttons in the elevator, she'd better learn some braille.</p><p><br/></p><p>So now she's learning braille. Yes. But, I could think of through the whole thing is have you met Dr. Glen?</p><p><br/></p><p>The documentary is on public broadcasting, PBS and it's called Vivian's Wild Ride. </p><p><br/></p><p>Hmm.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Navigating Vision Loss</h2><p><br/></p><p>We do, when we have people to that extent that have lost their central vision and they still have to navigate the world. If you've lost your vision to the extent that you can't drive, you can't orient yourself, the biggest problem is that you could fall around your own house, let alone being on the street, or a unfamiliar place. You have to use the cane, how to navigate, what to listen for, you have to heighten your other skills, like braille.</p><p><br/></p><p>It has to be preventable. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Diet and Indigenous Health</h2><p><br/></p><p>And a lot of it's got to do with the fact that we are not eating the foods that we are supposed to. The whole foods, the processed foods, the stress levels. As Dr. Glen has said this remnants of the stress levels.</p><p><br/></p><p>There is a genetic predisposition as well. There are people that have genetic predispositions for macular degeneration, but if you look at the indigenous tribes, a lot of them did not have things like macular degeneration and glaucoma. Once introduced to the North American diet, the processed food, the stress levels, a lot of them developed conditions. We have an indigenous population up north here. They were living on whale blubber and whales and seals and fish. All of a sudden when they're eating our foods, the diabetes rate has shot up. And the same thing is the indigenous population in Australia.</p><p><br/></p><p>Soon as they go back to their indigenous diet of living off the land, the diabetic condition actually reverses. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Which is nurture over nature. </p><p><br/></p><p>Here as well in Alaska. Yes. The indigenous culture here. Yes. Big on the diabetes also. Right away, as soon as they started getting services and getting mercury amalgam fillings, they all started wearing those little eyeglasses.</p><p><br/></p><p>Somehow these are people that could see a mile to see if the whale is breaching. And then in the village up there, when they want to honor you, they go thaw out frozen pizza, frozen chicken.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes.</p><p><br/></p><p>You need to tell us many things now. </p><p><br/></p><p>Absolutely. Words of wisdom, that's for sure.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's in independent lens. Vivian's Wild Ride.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Efficacy of Clinical Formulations</h2><p><br/></p><p>You mentioned that pharmaceuticals are efficacious only about 15%, and then you have traditional Chinese medicine was 85%. Your clinical formulations of 150 plus. How efficacious are they?</p><p><br/></p><p>The way to measure that, it's energetic effectiveness, meaning it improves coherence in the body, reduces stress, electrical stress, measurable in the body. So when I'm recommending them based on biofield analysis, I'm convinced they're a hundred percent effective.</p><p><br/></p><p>It doesn't mean the person won't have a healing crisis, or a cleansing reaction, or that we might not have to modify the program partway through. In the first seven to 10 days is when there's most likely, if there's going to be some  reaction that needs a little change in dosage or an additional remedy.</p><p><br/></p><p>So they'd be a hundred percent based on that measure, because I'm using that measure as my criteria for recommendation.</p><p><br/></p><p>If it's a generic program for cataract or glaucoma, or a certain type of cataract or glaucoma, or macular degeneration, or wet macular degeneration: "here's remedies that are appropriate for that." My guess is it would be at least 85% because the way I've formulated them is based on that whole type of whole body functional thinking like we have in homeopathy, or oriental medicine, or Ayurvedic medicine, or other traditional medicines that are oriented to looking at the whole person, seeing what functions are stressed and need support, and stimulation rather than isolating, identifying, putting a label on a disease, or saying, here's the symptom, and how do we reduce that symptom without thinking about " what does that input do to the health of the whole person?"</p><p><br/></p><p>We want to ' first do no harm,' consider what's going to elevate the health of the person for the long run, and secondarily, " what's going to help them through that healing process with more ease, and speed, and better outcome." Great question. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Mentorship and Learning in Holistic Medicine</h2><p><br/></p><p> Dr. Glen who's the MD that you were mentioning from Argentina?</p><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Eizayaga. That was in Montreal. I got to study with him when he came up north almost 40 years ago. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, there's someone who has a clinic now in Chile and incorporates native healers.</p><p><br/></p><p>He may well have been trained by Francisco Eizayaga. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>In all the Spanish speaking countries of Central and South America he taught tens of thousands of medical doctors.</p><p><br/></p><p>But it's all the same components that are now making up the new German medicine, really. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>They're acknowledging spirit. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. I think it's common sense. Whatever our cultural context is, we're going to use the tools we have at hand and our way of thinking of what things have value, and have benefits, and have effects, and bring those tools to bear.</p><p><br/></p><p>So there's many ways, many paths of healing, like there's many languages in which we can communicate with the body intelligence. It's not dependent on English. We can do it with computers. We can do it with our mind. We can do it with our hands. </p><p><br/></p><p>Well, we certainly think so, but if you bring that up you'll never be invited to the A MA luncheons after you come out with that.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, darn. Well, that's why I didn't go to medical school. I had better grades at Dartmouth than my classmates who were going to medical schools. They couldn't understand. "Why are you going to optometry school?" Well, my dad's an optometrist and I know I can get away with doing some holistic therapies there.</p><p><br/></p><p>I don't want to be the only MD who's doing nutrition, homeopathy, energy medicine, and...</p><p><br/></p><p>yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>And they say, oh, he is gone to the dark side. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, well. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you.</p><p><br/></p><p>With respect to homeopathy, do you anticipate having another course on homeopathy for people who want to continue after the ASH course? Or do you direct them to another college or another practitioner to learn homeopathy?</p><p><br/></p><p>I would most likely direct them. Same with Oriental medicine. why don't I have a week on Oriental medicine? Well, it's here. It's part of the Matrix.</p><p><br/></p><p>But if I wanted to learn more of it, I would say, " who are the best teachers for homeopathy?"</p><p><br/></p><p>"Who are the best teachers for Oriental medicine?"</p><p><br/></p><p>One of the acknowledged best teachers in the world for the five elements of Oriental Medicine was an early mentor of mine. He was an acupuncturist in Massachusetts when I was practicing in New York. It was just amazing. He was teaching classes. Drove over to Massachusetts and sat with people packed in the room enthralled listening to him outline all the connections in the body we never heard about in school, and science, and medical school.</p><p><br/></p><p>I always love the research side of things, so that would be a good resource for me to put together.</p><p><br/></p><p>Also in electrodermal testing, I'm happy to mentor in that. Cause there's not a lot that I know of out there. I know there is one medical doctor in the Midwest who's offering training, but I'll do an introductory course. I could do like we're doing these weekly sessions.</p><p><br/></p><p>I would do a week on oriental medicine. I think I need to do that. Do a week on TCM. A week on homeopathy. I'm going to need to do courses on the functional formulations. I know there's a lot to do. If I do oriental medicine, then resources at the end of the introduction would be, and here's my mentor.</p><p><br/></p><p> I think that's the way to go. I'll do an introductory course in, things like that and then be able to triage, or refer, here's where to go for more, like I do on mentorship university. Anyway, here's the people, living and dead.</p><p><br/></p><p>Either way, here's basically the core of what I learned from them to give you the directions. And you say, that's a direction, that's a rabbit hole I want to go down. Great. I'm not the source for the rabbit hole. I don't take you down the rabbit hole, but I'll give you where the opening is.</p><p><br/></p><p>Check this out, see what you think.</p><p><br/></p><p>To me, the most important thing is that these are sources. If it's medically, clinically related, these are practitioners or scientists. There's a track record of application and results. It's transformative.  if it's basic science, again, it's transformative even if it's from a hundred or 200 years ago.</p><p><br/></p><p>Today, the terrain is the important thing if you want a culture of bacteria or a virus. You'd need the right culture medium. So how is it that the organism is the primary thing when we're treating? Because we're treating with suppression to try to kill the organism and then not even thinking about the terrain.</p><p><br/></p><p>How do we correct the terrain? If strep throat's going around, it's really painful, comes on fast. At the time, this happened 40 years ago, I was in my dad's office and one of the remedies I had at that time was a species of microbiome, streptococcus fecium. It's the most rapidly reproducing. It's tremendous for cleansing the colon and for strep throat.</p><p><br/></p><p>This is a different strain of strep. It's faster growing than the one that's in there causing the disease, so we're going to suppress the growth of the disease causing organism by out competing it for the food.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's growing, therefore it's eating. The body's providing the growth medium that gives it the nourishment it's feeding on. When we put in a competitive strain, it's competitive inhibition. Within a minute that beginning strep throat was gone. And somebody where it was already started up a little more, took a little longer, but just went away.</p><p><br/></p><p>How many bacterial infections could be solved with probiotics rather than antibiotics? Antibiotics are a primary cause of phase one terrain, because they poison the mitochondria that are bacteria, as well as the microbiome that we need for our health, as well as whatever the pathogen is.</p><p><br/></p><p>So put in more of the good guys. Outcompete, restore healthy terrain.</p><p><br/></p><p>Hey, Dr. Glen. It's funny because that saying first do no harm. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. </p><p><br/></p><p>And when I got strep throat last April after coming from a trip, she gave me a broad spectrum antibiotic and it just ruined my gut. I think I got other stuff from it actually, to this day. Six months to get my bloating down, but that's almost criminal. First, do no harm.</p><p><br/></p><p>But they don't even know that they're doing harm. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Regulation and Licensing in Medicine</h2><p><br/></p><p>Licensing allows a practitioner to do harm and have protection of the state. The state assumes to itself, a spiritual entity... the state assumes monopoly power on doing harm, on the use of force, threat, duress, coercion, and so it can license that to others.</p><p><br/></p><p>The act of licensing in law, the predicate, what you need for that to be appropriate according to the thinking, is harm. If there's harm that's going to be done, we need to license it because only the state can do harm. So we're going to regulate the harm. Why do we have licensing for marriage in the United States?</p><p><br/></p><p>It started after the Civil War. They started licensing in the southern states. They started licensing mixed racial marriages with the thought that if someone sees a mixed race marriage, there's going to be violence. Somebody's going to get violent.</p><p><br/></p><p>Therefore, you need a license to marry somebody who's not of your same race. But as man's law tends to do, the state, the government tends to always want to grow. There's an ancient story about the Golem, an artificial entity. The story is about creating it in clay. And putting a word of life on its forehead or under its tongue. It comes to life even though it's not a living being, but it has powers. It's created to protect the community, but its powers tend to grow. It's a metaphor. It's maybe a reality, too, but it's definitely a metaphor for creating governmental structures.</p><p><br/></p><p>They grow in power until they're actually doing harm to the people they're supposed to protect. Then you have to remove the word life. So where does the word life come from in artificial entities such as a governing agency, governing body?</p><p><br/></p><p>It comes from us, from we the people. There's only people to operate it. If there's no people believing in it, giving their energy, operating it. It doesn't exist. It's a fiction. It's a legal fiction. But we create those fictions into reality with our own life force that we give to it. This was for me, part of removing myself from commerce 30 years ago.</p><p><br/></p><p>Rather than trying to dive back into it, when I ran out of money. Instead of going through bankruptcy and asking the judge, " oh, wise judge, what shall I do, what do you want to do with my healing tools and resources?" So I put them all in trust, so I don't own them. There was nothing they could take from me.</p><p><br/></p><p>I said, you can put a lien on my commercial entity, an artificial entity based on my birth certificate. It's a piece of paper. It's identity in commerce. It's not the living being. So understanding that distinction, I'm going to stay here in the real world and do my healing work with these resources that I have access to and use without ownership, so they can't be taken away from me. And then I'm not intending to make money. I don't earn anything. I actually get some money from the government for my retirement, but I donate that to the healing cause. That was my choice. And researching law, and licensing, and golem at that time was pretty interesting as my personal rabbit hole.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Personal Healing Journeys and Tools</h2><p><br/></p><p>This idea of colds and fevers, I was that person when throughout my childhood, teenagers high school, I always got a flu every year and it hurt my body. I went through it and then I started working and I always got the flu shot also, but I always got the flu.</p><p><br/></p><p>The minute I stopped taking the flu shot in my late twenties, I stopped getting the flu. I thought, oh, this is better. I'm not taking that shot anymore. For decades, I haven't had the flu or a cold, and I thought I was doing good. But now after you're saying that, it's like, oh, I'm one of those. </p><p><br/></p><p>It can be either way.</p><p><br/></p><p>We can look at your phases and the testing when we do the biofield analysis.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Do I go back to taking the flu shot? </p><p><br/></p><p>No, no, no, no. Flu shots, all the vaccinations are a phase one trigger. They depress body energy. Yeah, no, allergy shots, antibiotics, heavy metals, Fluoride and chlorine. </p><p><br/></p><p>So it was bad that I was getting the flu after...well, the flu every year. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Getting the flu shot lowers your energy level. So you're more susceptible to viruses, generally, from a flu shot. So you won't get this one strain of flu, maybe.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's the idea of it, but a different strain, you could get. It can make you more susceptible, which in your case demonstrates that. For example, a study of navy personnel with COVID, the people in the Navy who had the previous summer flu shot were about 30% more susceptible to COVID when it came.</p><p><br/></p><p>When you're selling something, you don't want to look at the whole picture if you're not, taking care of the whole person. If you just want to treat the flu, you're not going to look at, " did they get the common cold? Did they get chronic degenerative disease?" So you do short term study of the effects. When drug companies do drug trials, they suppress a lot of the data that wouldn't be good for sales. They want to limit. Anti-hypertensive drugs lower the blood pressure.</p><p><br/></p><p>Does that mean the person is healthier? Well, they have blood pressure that's closer to what a healthy person has. Does that mean they're healthier? No. It's not a measure of health. It's a measure of the blood pressure.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mary gave a microbiome to a friend who she looked at. Said he needs microbiome.</p><p><br/></p><p>He is on blood pressure medication that's not working for years. And it was the first thing that actually worked. So you can lower blood pressure by improving health, but you can also lower it by reducing health.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you reduce the health of the heart, it can't make as high a blood pressure. That's how a lot of the drugs work. So you're managing the symptom. This blood pressure is really a function of the body. You're modifying the function, but you're not removing the cause, which is the gut toxins that are in the blood that the kidney's having to filter out. But it makes the blood more thick and sludgy and so the heart has to work harder to try to clean it.</p><p><br/></p><p>The body's intelligence is being ignored. Why is the body making high blood pressure? " Oh no, it's high. That's a risk factor." I agree. It's a risk factor. It's associated with the problem. Does it mean that the pressure is the problem? If you have an aneurysm that bursts the pressure was the proximal problem.</p><p><br/></p><p>Like when they do studies on what caused death, " it was heart disease and cancer." But what caused those? Oh, now it's the drugs that the person's been on for all these years, managing all these other problems.</p><p><br/></p><p>Red Light Therapy and PEMF Systems</p><p><br/></p><p>Switching to treatments, the Kloud system, the PEMF. Mm-hmm.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Have you heard of the Kala system? </p><p><br/></p><p>I haven't. I'm looking at it right now online.</p><p><br/></p><p>There are lots of systems for PEMF, and microcurrent, and infrared and red light therapy, and as a category, I give them a thumbs up. On the other hand, I don't know of any other than the Kloud and the BEMER that have been shown to have this degree of effect on circulation.</p><p><br/></p><p>They worked with a microcirculation institute in Berlin where they would go with a microscope inside the colon and be able to see blood vessels directly. And that's how they took those videos.</p><p><br/></p><p>I know personally the Kloud has healed things for me that the BEMER didn't. So expanding the frequency range from zero to a thousand hertz up to now 20,000 hertz, it's going to activate more healing pathways. They all will use different frequency patterns.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's kind of like music, right? Is it noise? Man's frequencies from the computer and wifi and all that... that's like noise, right? And so there's a couple of systems for counteracting that kind of EMF stress that adds some music to the EMF of the environment that there's some good research on.</p><p><br/></p><p>A couple of them. There's a lot of things. There's a few that there's good research. We've got physiological measurements. Yes. The body's less stressed in that same environment with this. While we want to minimize exposure, we also want to maximize the coherence of the body field so the body can be healthy.</p><p><br/></p><p>I looked at your Kloud system on the Remedy match and it actually shows $0.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's network marketed. We are a distributor. We can't sell them on our website. We have to sell them on our page on the company's site.</p><p><br/></p><p>I see.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's an information page so it puts it in the store, but there's a link on that page to the store where you can buy it.</p><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Larry Wallace who also did the Delta laser. He's had some results with RP and things like that. He practices in New York State.</p><p><br/></p><p>He just retired. He's the one that introduced me to Syntonics in my fourth year at SUNY. Yes. He was a guest lecturer.</p><p><br/></p><p>He calls it the Delta laser. The people do the selling under Comra.</p><p><br/></p><p>Whenever they send me videos, they always send me YouTube videos of Larry Wallace talking about he helped with macular degeneration with the delta laser. He helps with RP and whatever.  </p><p><br/></p><p>You need money to invest in good research.</p><p><br/></p><p>Infrared does penetrate deeply, so my recommendation is to use it with caution on the thyroid and on the gut. </p><p><br/></p><p>Why on gut?</p><p><br/></p><p>If you're already using it on the gut and you're not having any issues, then you're fine. </p><p><br/></p><p>What kind of issues? </p><p><br/></p><p>It would be discomfort in the gut. </p><p><br/></p><p>You mean bloating and diarrhea and things like that? </p><p><br/></p><p>When there's a lot of toxins in the colon and the infrared will not only energize water, which would be a good thing and energize the microbiome, but also energize the toxins.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's, finding a balance. If you find that using it increases discomfort or loose stools, then that's a cleansing reaction. Use your comfort as a guide. The body's intelligent. If you overdo it for what your body can tolerate, then it's like, oh, I shouldn't have done that.</p><p><br/></p><p> I think I've lost my body's radar. I'm so confused. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's where we talk about regulation, the lower levels of regulation. We do lose that radar. It's like, oh, I don't know what's going on.</p><p><br/></p><p>I want to bring this into my practice. I'm try it on myself first. Get some data points. </p><p><br/></p><p>So how do we book?</p><p><br/></p><p>Do we just directly email you or Rae and set up a session? </p><p><br/></p><p>Just email. Yep.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm looking forward to that very much.</p><p><br/></p><p>If a client has the BEMER, I tell them, fine, that's great. You've got one that works for what we're looking for. But if they don't have it, there's no reason to get a BEMER because they're more expensive, and they do less.</p><p><br/></p><p>20 times the range of frequencies, and it's more portable Pulsed electromagnetic field. It's the one that reverses about 40 years of aging on the circulation, so it helps every tissue to heal better.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's two sizes. There's a shorter one that goes from the head to the hips, and the longer one goes further down the legs. The shorter one for most people is fine. It's going to help circulation in the legs, but if they have a specific issue in the legs peripheral neuropathy, or their ankles are swelling, or varicose veins, or gout, or if there's a leg problem, then makes sense to spring for the bigger one, or knees.</p><p><br/></p><p>You can always do two sessions, one upper body, one lower. But with the larger mat, just do one session twice a day. 15 minutes, twice a day. You can sit on it on a chair. You can lay down on it.</p><p><br/></p><p>We have it right here behind us, so if we're watching videos, we can lay down and cuddle and watch and sometimes fall asleep. It's so relaxing. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Voice Scanning and Biofield Analysis</h2><p><br/></p><p>Can never get tired of you learn something new.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's how it's been for 45 years. I learned something new with each new client. Especially the first time testing them, it's like, oh, they have, these symptoms and issues in history. It's this unique constellation of here's the challenge that they're carrying in. And then the solutions just make such sense out of, oh, okay, it looks like probably this is an underlying cause and you're working back into  these layers. So that makes sense that those deeper layers would've been underlying the more recent layers. Or, okay, you have cancer and it's not showing at all on this first test. We're still going to test and recommend what's compatible for some supports for healing that issue, but it's not what your body is actively working on yet. And another month or two or three, and now that's on the list of things. It's like, oh, that's a good sign. Now your body's trying to heal it, too. But we had to heal some other things that were in the way, that were on the active to-do list.</p><p><br/></p><p>Just working with the body, it's amazing because it's doing all the hard parts. We just ask it, what are you working on? What do you want to use? Oh, okay. Oh, that's interesting. It's always interesting. There's always intuitive insights that to me are so meaningful. And of course, the results are the most meaningful. When people see a difference, feel a difference, especially when it's fast.</p><p><br/></p><p>But even the ones that take a long time, it just makes sense. The woman with lead in her foot, who took three years to show improvement, but she was stable for three years, she wasn't losing any more vision. Nothing was really changing for three years. And then all of a sudden we hit a layer where, oh, now her body's clearing out scar tissue and re storing vision, and the scars are thinner, and feel more like herself. Feeling returning. It's amazing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. It's fun. There's challenges. And they're so meaningful. The results of facing those challenges are so meaningful that I can't imagine just giving up on this mission. I have to share this. I can't take this to my grave. Too much fun. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you. You're like a kid in a candy store.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, pretty much. </p><p><br/></p><p>I'm taking the voice scanner because I have these worrisome symptoms, and I noticed Dr. Glen that it shifts pretty rapidly. Maybe there's two or three common, but I don't know which one to send you because I had an ear issue and now I have a knee issue. Which one should I pick to send you?</p><p><br/></p><p>I would usually just do the most recent one. If we haven't changed your program the patterns are changing, your symptoms are changing, your body's working on things. Well, that's good. That's better than nothing's changing, right? Blocked regulation is the worst. Are there things that are improving or just symptoms moving and changing?</p><p><br/></p><p>I didn't take all of it. I didn't take two of the Syntropies just because I was like, okay, </p><p><br/></p><p>so we're doing a partial program. Yeah. So you're actively healing some of the active causal layers. Others we're just </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I thinking about right now, it's worsened.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's why I think I, it is time to send you another, so some things are worse. Nothing's better?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I don't see any, yeah, nothing at this. But I haven't, like I said, I didn't jump in and take all the remedies. So, and you had definitely some cleansing reaction, right? With the enzymes breaking down scar tissue.</p><p><br/></p><p>You had some dizziness. Is that right? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. and that scared me. I haven't been able to split the capsules. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's release of toxins and, and fear is kidneys. </p><p><br/></p><p>Understanding Kidney and Fear Responses</p><p><br/></p><p>So maybe the kidneys were feeling something. So you feel some fear and then your mind thinks about it and adds to it a bit. So we're, it break that down into smaller capsules.</p><p><br/></p><p>because it needs, enteric needs to be released in the small intestine to be active.</p><p><br/></p><p>Well, it's also that this is all so new. So it's the faith and the belief in it, </p><p><br/></p><p>Healing Crisis and Negative Regulation</p><p><br/></p><p>The healing crisis without anything improving, that's a level two regulation. That's negative regulation. It's getting worse before I get better. Why? Because there's toxins stored in damaged areas and we start clearing the damage, the toxins are released and they're moving around and you feel them and it doesn't feel good.</p><p><br/></p><p>That will pass. But we want to be gentle. Right? Our goal, our mission is not how fast can we do this?  when it's like, oh, it's going to knock you over because you're too dizzy. No, it's how gentle do we need to be? Okay. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Navigating Detox Symptoms</h2><p><br/></p><p>So that this is not getting into a fear cycle of maybe I do feel I have some unformed fear, some feeling of fear, but I'm not afraid of taking the remedy. I can handle the level of fear I'm feeling knowing that maybe this is heavy metals going out through my kidneys. Maybe I need glutathione to help them get out through my liver instead of kidneys. It's like we're navigating the choppy waters with level of negative regulation of cleansing. </p><p><br/></p><p>I definitely will keep at it because I need to get better. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Powerful Remedies and Scar Healing</h2><p><br/></p><p>I would pray that it'll be fast and a smooth ride, especially,  finding the challenges like, oh, I don't tolerate a full dose. This is so powerful.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. It's a powerful remedy. An optometrist who had a scar on her eyebrow and the a droopy eyelid on that side from the effect on the nerve. Within one week, her husband could see the scar was visibly less, and you could see was decreasing within less than a week.  </p><p><br/></p><p>yeah, </p><p><br/></p><p>Even in one dose, it's having a material effect on scarred tissue, dissolving the excess collagen.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that's releasing toxins that are deposited in there. The fact that you had a reaction means there's a significant amount of toxins and we just have to release them at a slow enough rate with the right support, </p><p><br/></p><p>okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>That they're going to come out without you falling over. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Living Water and Personal Experiences</h2><p><br/></p><p>I will mention the living water.</p><p><br/></p><p>I bought a used one from a friend. After about three weeks. a scar I had here. people were looking at me. it's about a centimeter. It was brown, it's disappeared. I had a biopsy there before and I swear it's flattening. I think it's the water, because that was the only thing I changed at that point.</p><p><br/></p><p>But I was also taking the infoceuticals. I don't know what did it. </p><p><br/></p><p>That elevates your level two, level three mixed regulation. Remember when I said, well, is anything improving? It's like, no, but, </p><p><br/></p><p>oh wow. Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thought it was the water. Getting more the context. Like, oh, something actually improved.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that's a more superficial tissue, the skin. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Versus the eyes and the brain is, the next layer deep. That's number four. So there's some worsening down here and some improvement up here. that doesn't tell us that it's going in the right direction, but it's better than if everything is worse and nothing got better, </p><p><br/></p><p>right?</p><p><br/></p><p>Because something's </p><p><br/></p><p>working. Mixed regulation. But there's still a question of we really want to make sure that this is going the right direction. Dizziness can be liver, could be kidneys, the inner ear, the liver, is probably even more common for dizziness.</p><p><br/></p><p>But those are the main filters that clean the blood. If we're releasing toxins it may be that telling you be careful because these deeper tissues, layer three, the liver, layer five, the kidneys, they're saying don't push it too fast. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay?</p><p><br/></p><h2>Vision Issues and Intermediate Testing</h2><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, my vision is worse now. I'm scared of that. </p><p><br/></p><p>now? </p><p><br/></p><p>My vision, I get headaches every day, like for the last two weeks. Every time I wake up, it's fuzzy. It's more fuzzier. </p><p><br/></p><p>So that's when I want to hear from you right away. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>And do an intermediate test.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you're in the middle of a program, even if it's partial you're not completely doing the program and you're not finished. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>I want to check in to get some guidance of what your body's saying at that point. Sure. There's no additional fee. To me that's absolutely essential.</p><p><br/></p><p>If I'm working with you and you're doing the program and there's something that's, feeling worse. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, </p><p><br/></p><p>I want to know, well, maybe it's that we need to make sure that you get those other remedies in the loop that you needed at the time. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. </p><p><br/></p><p>Maybe that you've hit another layer that you need an additional remedy.</p><p><br/></p><p>Those are the two most common things. We need to adjust dosages, in this case, get the dose from zero to not one, but to half or a quarter or an eighth, or whatever the level is that you will tolerate. So then things are moving, because in the vision, that's where we're dissolving the scar tissue and getting toxins out.</p><p><br/></p><p>Right. It's, you have scar tissue in, in the retina. Yeah. So, yeah. Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>The worsening of vision and blurry vision, my guess is it means we've activated the process. Your immune system is recognizing we need to clear toxins out of here. We need to clear this up. So what do they do?</p><p><br/></p><p>Create inflammation in order to dissolve. Right? But with the proteolytic enzymes of systemic enzyme therapy, that's anti-inflammatory. Why? because it dissolves without the immune system having to create more inflammation. It's creating the dissolving effect of the toxins. But we need to do it at a rate that you tolerate and make sure that they're carried out carefully so they're not irritating the tissue.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's probably the inflammation that's causing the blurriness and the decrease. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay.  I'll do a new voice scan and I'll send that off to you. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Where are you at now? The Remedies you have been taking? Are you  almost out or where are you at? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, so it's time. I wish we,  a week ago, let's say we would've done an intermediate test just to check in and give you guidance.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>I'm stressed.</p><p><br/></p><p>Losing vision is no. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh my god. </p><p><br/></p><p>No picnic. </p><p><br/></p><p>It's stressful, but </p><p><br/></p><p>thank you. So, It's time for a full test. And we'll get you the small capsules that you can re encapsulate the larger scar dissolving remedy. that's too much a dosage for you right now. And it may be in a week of doing a smaller dosage, you'll tolerate the full dose or it might be a month, don't know, but we'll find out. </p><p><br/></p><p>I'll do that. I'll send something shortly. Yeah. Thanks Dr. Glen. Thank you. </p><p><br/></p><p>Of course. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Discussing Kangen Systems and Costs</h2><p><br/></p><p>Is this Kangen system as good as the system you have on the website in Remedy Match? </p><p><br/></p><p>It's good. It's an older design, so it is not as powerful and costs more, although she got her second hand, so probably similar.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I'm amazed by it though. I swear, and my skin is like a baby, but it's amazing. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Alkaline and Acid Water Uses</h2><p><br/></p><p>So you're using the acid water topically? </p><p><br/></p><p>no, I'm just drinking, </p><p><br/></p><p>drinking the alkaline. So the alkaline you the acid water to wash surfaces, wash the skin. You can wash with the alkaline and then rinse with the acid.</p><p><br/></p><p>You want to leave acid on as the final step.</p><p><br/></p><p>When you say acid, what pH is that though? 6.0?</p><p><br/></p><p>It'll be lower than that.</p><p><br/></p><p>I have a six and a 2.50.</p><p><br/></p><p>Different settings. </p><p><br/></p><p>I have a six and a 2.5. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. You could rinse with the 2.5. If somebody has gangrene in their leg, you'd definitely use the 2.5.</p><p><br/></p><p>So you rinse, did you say you wash with the alkaline and rinse with acid? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes, because the skin has a natural acid mantle layer on the surface. It's protective. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>And you want to leave it acid . When you use soap, which I don't recommend, it's very alkaline. It removes the acid. It leaves the skin dry and unprotected.</p><p><br/></p><p>Want to end with the acid? I'm just looking it up. 2.5 pH ionized water, strong acidic water, hypochlorous acid. So chlorine and protons is a powerful non-toxic disinfectant and sanitizer used for cleaning surfaces, killing bacteria, viruses, and fungi contact. Okay, so if you had an infection, if you had a gangrene, you'd use the 2.5 for sure.</p><p><br/></p><p>It acts as a natural chemical free cleaner for kitchens, bathrooms, and skin and is used for wound care. It is not for drinking. So yeah, you can wash with alkaline and then rinse with the 2.5 acid. Or if there's a problem area, you could soak it with the 2.5 acid.</p><p><br/></p><p>I had people years ago when I first started selling ionizers, husband and wife, they both used the acid water. She had stage three issues in uterine growth. It cleared that with douching. She may have soaked a tampon and held it in there.</p><p><br/></p><p>He had a big tumor on his forehead. He soaked that in the acid water and it went away.</p><p><br/></p><p>So acid on the outside, alkaline on the inside.</p><p><br/></p><p>The 1500,  USD living water system is enough for daily use in a household?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p> It's five plates. It'll produce water on demand. You can fill up a gallon jug in a couple minutes.</p><p><br/></p><p>It produces the two water streams. So if you want the acid water for later, for cleaning and washing, put that in a separate jug. The alkaline water you generally want to use fairly quickly. You don't want to let it sit for days because the molecular hydrogen will off gas and that's your antioxidant power.</p><p><br/></p><p>It'll still be antioxidant, it'll be negatively charged, but it's not as stable as the mineral content, that's the Alkalinity. </p><p><br/></p><p>You produce it as you need it on a daily basis. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. Is that what you're doing? Yeah, it gets hooked into the plumbing and can either, sit on the countertop and have the water coming out a little spigot hose out the top, or it's an extra $500 to put it under the counter, and it comes with then a separate faucet.</p><p><br/></p><p>But it produces the same water. So if you have room on your countertop, that's least expensive. </p><p><br/></p><p>But you mentioned five plates, but the kangen I have is eight plates. It's the new one. So does that mean it's also equally? </p><p><br/></p><p>That's a good question. I know the design. Do you know what year design? </p><p><br/></p><p>I think it's just two or three years old. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. So it's newer than what I've heard about in the past. That would be more equivalent to the seven or nine plate, which is 2000 or 2,500, so You got a good price.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. Yeah. I thought so for fairly new. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Yeah. And it's a stronger unit. The fact that it makes the 2.5 pH that makes sense. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Great. </p><p><br/></p><p>You have to put a solution and it has a strong smell, so I only use it to clean the counter </p><p><br/></p><p>I see.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. You have to add some minerals to give it Enough chloride probably. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. And then the difference produces the 11.5 and that's what they say you can use for your eyes to wash it. </p><p><br/></p><p>Ah, interesting. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. 11.5. You can also probably use to take pesticides off of produce if you soak produce.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, okay. Soak produce in it. because they spray it on with an oil. The 11.5 should emulsify the oil and make the water cloudy if there was a spray on there.</p><p><br/></p><p>I will try that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Will the 1500 living water one, will that take away the produce? </p><p><br/></p><p>no, I recommend the nine plate for that, which is 2,500 US and that would be close to what Agnes got, which makes sense with the price she paid.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it's a newer design than I'd heard about. New, it's like $6,000 so it's more expensive, primarily because it's network marketed so there's more marketing expenses in that, where the US company, it's made in the us. It's not network marketed, so there's less markup.</p><p><br/></p><p>The Kangen are good quality instruments. They're made in Japan. They make high quality instruments. That's actually where the technology was invented in the 1960s. So they've been using it in hospitals and prescribing the units for home use for people with aging related issues for a long time.</p><p><br/></p><p>They were doing it when I was practicing there in 1982.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Kloud PEMF Mat and Healing Benefits</h2><p><br/></p><p>Do you know roughly how much the larger cloud mat would be? </p><p><br/></p><p> I think it's like 3,500 and it's going to be more by the time you add, taxes, shipping. It's coming from Europe, so that's a different tariff situation.</p><p><br/></p><p>The last order somebody placed, they got it real fast.</p><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Glen, how long have you had Living Water? </p><p><br/></p><p>Early 1990s. I learned from a fellow practitioner. We were in training to become practitioner trainers with a company, Apex Energetics in California.</p><p><br/></p><p>I had a network marketing company at the time started with a patient. We were doing health products, remedies, and also healing tools, and education, and all that. he said, oh, you gotta check out this technology, which I'd known about from Japan, but he tuned me into distributing them in the US.  </p><p><br/></p><p>I wonder what the tariff rules are when it's made in Europe, so it might be based on where it's manufactured.</p><p><br/></p><p>Canadian customs, primarily based duties, taxes and trade agreements on the country of origin where the product was manufactured, produced, or grown. </p><p><br/></p><p>Canada has significantly reduced or eliminated customs duties on most goods imported from the European Union. Under comprehensive economic and trade agreement, over 98% of tariff lines or duty free for products of EU origin, our duties are often 0%, a 5% general sales tax usually applies alongside.</p><p><br/></p><p>Potential PST or HST for items exceeding $20 Canadian exemption, proof of origin to qualify for 0%. The goods must be certified as originating from an EU member state.</p><p><br/></p><p> If you look at the written description, I have the link to the Kloud site. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's the only way I could figure out how to put it on our store and still get people the access.</p><p><br/></p><p>To me the water was so important because I was thinking really the water, the water is the best one. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. One of the, those to me are the two top ones if you can, but they're also the pricier ones.</p><p><br/></p><p>Our handheld infrared red therapy that flashes at 172 hertz is amazing. People rave about that, and bring in their vision back through the closed eyelids, and Anywhere on the body, caution around the thyroid and gut and the stomach.</p><p><br/></p><p>I have not had people have exacerbation of symptoms using it there, but I just let them know, here's what I know. If you're going to use it there, do it with caution. Just start, especially if you have a problem already. If you've got inflammatory bowel disease, be very cautious.</p><p><br/></p><p>Like start with 10 seconds around that area and see how it is that day and the next day. And if that's fine, then do 30 seconds and then do a minute, and then do two minutes. Just titrate the dosage and adjust according to your body's response.</p><p><br/></p><p>Maybe I had updated it on my website, because that's still showing $2,890 US for the mini.</p><p><br/></p><p>The large one is 3,590. </p><p><br/></p><p>Well there you go. There's not a big difference then between the two.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's a link on the website to Flexxbuy where you can apply to pay a monthly payment for people who can't afford it right now, but they need it right now, and they're going to benefit from it for years. Pay it over two to five years, get it down to a low monthly payment.</p><p><br/></p><p>They check like 30 sources for the funds, and it doesn't affect the credit score. So, no harm in people checking if you're recommending it to someone. Now it is network marketed, so if you're going to be recommending it to people, it makes sense to be a distributor. If you sell one a year, it's more than paying for the cost of being a distributor. That's up to you, but as a practitioner, or if you're going to be coaching, I would say would be smart.</p><p><br/></p><p>With the water, it's not network marketed. We have a direct line with the company. What we can do is you could go direct with the company, and purchase a bunch of them and have them in the warehouse. That way you get the most markup. We've just been selling one at a time, but I plan to purchase five units at a time. Then we know that they're there because there've been problem with supply chain.</p><p><br/></p><p>So I'm looking to do that in the next month or two, so we can partner with you on that if that's of interest. Without having to invest in inventory. We can only do so many things. </p><p><br/></p><p>No, but I think the living water, I agree with Agnes. It's a critical part. And then the large Kloud if a difference between the large and the mini is only like,  $600 or $800, it's not a big difference. You might as well at the larger one. And if whole body at the same time, </p><p><br/></p><p>if you'll be working with patients or clients in person and  let's say you're doing syntonic, phototherapy light therapy, you can have it on the chair and they're doing a 20 minute session, 15 minutes of that is a Kloud session.</p><p><br/></p><p>You're increasing circulation while they're getting the light in. The Retina needs the most circulation of any tissue in the body. And you have the water, too. It's recommended to have water before and after the Kloud because you're increasing blood flow. You want to increase the circulatory volume because it's opening up capillaries that aren't even flowing. They're going to start flowing.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's an incredible combination between that 30% increase in circulation and water that rehydrates the cells and tissues 10 times better than other waters, and is rejuvenating.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, the two together, and if you're working with clients or patients, it makes sense to have the long mat.</p><p><br/></p><p>Some of them will have leg issues. That's what we have here. We did have the smaller one for a bit and then the big one. We do enjoy it. I have to say it's  right here.</p><p><br/></p><p>It just sits on your couch and basically you can watch TV and just turn it on once or twice a day, 15 minutes a morning, 15 minutes in the evening, and you're done.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's the controls and lie down and watch a video. We can just squeeze on there. The two of us is very cozy. </p><p><br/></p><p>Nice. Yes. Great. Good. Thank you for spending the time and letting us know this type of information, your personal information of how you use it for yourself as well as your clients.</p><p><br/></p><p>And for myself, it would be for family and for myself, and if the odd person wants to do that, I'll carry on with optometry. But this would be separated from optometry. We are very licensed, what we can do for our client, and it has to be light that's going into the eye. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>For therapeutic reasons.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. And that's all we can do. Or for diagnostic reasons, putting light into the eye to get a scan or an OCT</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I ran into that in New York.</p><p><br/></p><p>My specialties are dry eyes and myopia management. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>But I have done the syn tonics course both the level one and level two. And  the only way I did the syn tonics is for the front surface of the eye and dry eyes and things like that.</p><p><br/></p><p>Do they all work the same? PEMF? </p><p><br/></p><p>They're quite different,  Ah, okay. Strengths and frequencies. So I would say </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>If maybe in social media, you can find somebody in your area who has a  </p><p><br/></p><p>okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>That you can try.  </p><p><br/></p><p>I can do that. I'll look for one. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Put the feelers out and see if somebody has one that would be willing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Try it. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you for spending the time here with us and asking our, you're welcome. </p><p><br/></p><p>Trust with the interest that we have on the products. Thank you so much. I got the water because I wanted to be able to receive the Infoceuticals. I felt differently after I started drinking the water.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was midway that I felt the shift. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. So that's for me. I needed it for sure. Yeah. it penetrates 10 times better into the tissues and cells than other filtered waters. and has all the antioxidant, alkalinity major benefits. </p><p><br/></p><p>And you're right, the first time I drank it, they gave me 9.5 to try it.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's like, I don't think I drank anything. It was air right. Like, where did it go?  going to swallow it and it's gone. </p><p><br/></p><p>The glass was gone. And it took me a day to finish one glass. That's all I drink. One to two glass of bottled water. But this one, it was gone in half an hour. You drink it and it's  air in your mouth. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Just to give you an example, it's because the oxygen, I guess is going right to your cells </p><p><br/></p><p>It is oxygenating because the alkalinity allows oxygen to be available and it penetrates into the tissue.</p><p><br/></p><p>So the actual bulk water of it, the material of it is soaking into the roof, the palate of your mouth and the blood vessels under your tongue and the cheeks. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I love it. If you're dehydrated, it soaks in. </p><p><br/></p><p>It's complimentary to the work I think we're all doing here. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. You have to have the clean living waters. </p><p><br/></p><p>It's would be ideal for everyone to have it. You could make water for,  your whole family, for a friend, a relative, Exactly. If you're close enough by. We have clients who still after years, still come by to fill the big five gallon bottles.</p><p><br/></p><p>They live out in the jungle and we're not promoting that we do that. But the health food store nearest here has two units in the back that people can use and pay $2 a gallon to fill their own bottles. Why do they have them? Because when we started selling units, I kept asking our customers in the business, please just ask, request, ask in the health food store if you can get ionized water. Ask if they can supply ionized water. And enough people asked, they finally invested. They got a couple units and they still supply that. It works for them as a business. It helps people to access it. And then we don't have to have so many people in our house to fill up their bottles.</p><p><br/></p><p>But it's just a good thing that it would be nice. Like in Japan. When I was there in 82, they said about 10% of the homes have them. I had friends who had portable ones. It's just a technology that the more people have it, the better. Rather than drinking chlorinated water and fluoridated water and water that's hasn't been cleaned.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I understand that all the hospitals in Japan have it. </p><p><br/></p><p>I don't know. I haven't heard that all of them. But I have heard that some hospitals do have what they call a superoxide water, which would be like your 2.5 pH. And the hospitals that use that do not use any other topical antibiotic. That is their topical antibiotic.</p><p><br/></p><p>Really, </p><p><br/></p><p> they put the acid water on. The superoxide water, maybe a bandage over it. And there you go. </p><p><br/></p><p>So if I get a cut, I can put that 2.5 on it. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Just like you'd put hydrogen peroxide on it to kill bacteria. You could just put the 2.5 pH on it bandaid. </p><p><br/></p><p>To kill bacteria.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's up to you. I like to leave cuts open to dry and scab versus keeping the moist </p><p><br/></p><p>I will try that and give, depends on your body and the conditions. Is it going to be exposed to dirt? You want to cover it if it's, yeah. There's a video of the Kloud showing granulation tissue healing, a cut healing and shows with and without the cloud, and how much faster it heals.</p><p><br/></p><p>Should put that in our slideshow. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I would watch that.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. that's the thing is for most people. It's matter of prioritizing. For the budget I have, what's going to give me the most benefit that I need right now if I'm losing vision? Or if I'm in pain what's going to help? What's not going to hurt me in the long run?</p><p><br/></p><p>What's going to actually help me with long-term healing? And help with palliation, relief of symptoms? What's going to get me there fastest, easiest, and the best outcome in the end? Okay you have enough for this one remedy. I would start with that.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the nine plate is good? It's better than the reversal osmosis? It takes away the chlorine? The fluoride? It takes away any of the heavy metals? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. All that's taken care of with pre-filters that you do have to change every six months.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. Cleans the water and then separates acid and alkaline minerals and adds electrons. So you have molecular hydrogen.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it can be mounted on a surface or it can be mounted under with the plumber.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Either way. Somebody who's handy with plumbing, a plumber or handyman. When it's mounted underneath, then you need the extra $500 faucet that's going to go on the top.</p><p><br/></p><p>They need to drill a hole. So if somebody's renting an apartment, they can't do that. If they're renting, they might not be able to attach it to the faucet that they've got. That can be an issue,  if it's not a homeowner. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. So otherwise you can just have it on your tabletop and just do it accordingly.</p><p><br/></p><p>But it still needs to be attached into the plumbing. So that can be an issue with rentals. </p><p><br/></p><p>Understandable. Right? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Depends on what faucet is there, whether you can hook it in or not. You may be able to or maybe not.</p><p><br/></p><p>Final Thoughts and Appreciations</p><p><br/></p><p>I thank you so much, Dr. Glen. I really appreciate it.</p><p><br/></p><p>You've spent so much time and energy over and above. It's going way above and beyond the course of duty, and I so appreciate it. I thank you so much and I'm looking forward to tomorrow evening. Thanks Agnes. Again, I thank you again. I look forward to the next one.</p><p><br/></p><p>I aspire to be so contributory to the humanity as you are, Dr. Glen. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Yeah. Amen. Each one of us can make a significant difference for so many people.</p><p><br/></p><p>So share the love, </p><p><br/></p><p>I already have a friend having eye issues that I want to, but I need to do it on myself first.</p><p><br/></p><p>For your own heart to be coherent in it. Yeah, absolutely.</p><p><br/></p><p>And to be the demonstration of here's how it's helping me and I know I can help you and  you'll love it.</p>