---
title: "Prognosis 1B - 03-27-26"
access: member
downloads: []
---
<h1>Prognosis 1B - 03-27-26</h1><p><br/></p><p><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://rumble.com/embed/v75kpe0/?pub=5q5b3" width="640"></iframe></span><br/></p><h1>Prognosis 1B - 03-27-26</h1><p><br/></p><h2>New Member Introduction</h2><p><br/></p><p>I was very interested in Dr. Glen's program and I work full-time. I am a scientist by training. I have a PhD in food science. And I'm personally interested in health and wellness and have been on a health and wellness journey for various reasons related to my family and my daughter. I found Dr. Glen's work very interesting. I wanted to learn more about it. And unfortunately I have not been able to join until now. So know I'm behind compared to where everyone is, but I'm very excited to be here.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Prognosis and Self Healing</h2><p><br/></p><p>We're talking about prognosis this week, which is to know the future. Prognosis is knowledge of the future. It's always an important factor. So what is prognosis? We talked about the etymology. It's to know the future, but knowing the future doesn't just come from the diagnosing doctor, does it?</p><p><br/></p><p>Remember, doctor means teacher. We're learning here. What I'm trying to teach is that the ultimate teacher that we have always with us is our own body intelligence, which is part of our complete spiritual intelligence. Not just the conscious mind, but if we can increase the communication, the connection between the conscious and the bodily intelligence, the subconscious, we become our own doctor.</p><p><br/></p><p>I don't go to doctors anymore. I'm willing to, if it's right, but it's been a long time. Many years. The last time I went to a doctor, I got to see the nurse practitioner. That's okay. I'm fine with that. But then the protocol that they're following, as I was giving my case history, I began to to describe my second of three symptoms that I wanted to share, and their protocol was, oh, no, stop there.</p><p><br/></p><p>The insurance company is an artificial entity. The financial system, money, is an artificial entity. Those are all completely secondary. They're the board games, the computer games that we play. And yes, we have to interface with them to accomplish certain things in our culture, but let's not confuse them with reality.</p><p><br/></p><p>We make our own prognosis. Even if the only act that we make is to accept the prognosis that's offered by a doctor. Say, oh, if I accept the prognosis, oh, you'll be dead within 10 years. If I had accepted that prognosis, I would've been dead within 10 years because I wouldn't have done anything to change that prognosis.</p><p><br/></p><p>Accepting the prognosis offered by a doctor typically means if you do what I tell you to do, and only that, this is what I expect will happen. So it's a path. It's a road that leads down a certain path to a certain outcome. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Belief, Placebo, Nocebo</h2><p><br/></p><p>When people are given a terminal prognosis there's a high likelihood statistically that they will fulfill that prognosis when we accept it.</p><p><br/></p><p>And now we're communicating that biologically through bio communication, the frequency information, to every cell in our body. The cells are listening to every word, whether we think it or say it out loud. Beliefs are powerful. We know the power of placebo effect, and its opposite, the nocebo effect.</p><p><br/></p><p>So the big power of prognosis is the nocebo effect that harms the body when we have a thought that harm will be done. If you're ever going to choose surgery, be sure to choose a surgeon that you trust and that you like. Super important. Because all your cells are listening.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's real meaning in the content of our intuition, our feelings, our emotions. Where are those emotions coming from? The biological intelligence of the body. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Emotions and Organ Links</h2><p><br/></p><p>If it's a coherent emotion, it's an emotion of the heart: love, joy, future paced hope, past reference: gratitude. Those are all heart-centered emotions, and all very healing.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're all transcendent of space and time. That's what coherence does. Coherence is the ground from which transcendence of the dimensions of this life that can be transcended to varying degrees.</p><p><br/></p><p>Other emotions: anger associated with the liver. Each organ has a connective tissue sheath around it where the fibers are going all different directions.</p><p><br/></p><p>And if you think about each of those fibers as not just a material connection, a sack, a bag that's containing that organ, it is that, but it's also a fiber optic, it's bio photonic communication, light communication between cells, or if it's in a sheath like this, like a sheet. Now it becomes a shield, like a faraday cage for electromagnetic fields.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the container of energetic information and communication within which there's a coherent zone for that organ tissue. So liver cells as a space, as a room, as a container, together as a whole. When they're stressed, we feel that liver emotion of response to some kind of violation and gives us the energy to correct the violation when properly used.</p><p><br/></p><p>So each organ... the kidneys, the emotion, the energy is fear. The earth element, like the spleen, pancreas, and stomach is more about worry.</p><p><br/></p><p>What are these emotions telling us? I think about how they have different reference points in space and time, where the heart centered emotions are much more encompassing and transcendent.</p><p><br/></p><p>What is anger about? It's not about the future, is it? Wer'e Angry about something that happened in the past.</p><p><br/></p><p>What about worry? That's future reference and fear is more future reference as well. It could be present, certainly.</p><p><br/></p><p>Anger could be present or past.</p><p><br/></p><p>Worry, more future.</p><p><br/></p><p>Grief, associated with the lungs and large intestine, past reference, the loss of coherence.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then remember our cycle of consciousness through those yin organs in Chinese medicine creates this cycle in the thorax and abdomen, a literal physical material cycle that corresponds to the cycle of the movement of energy in the conscious, in the ordinary the normal direction of consciousness, the flow of information in our consciousness in relation to the type of information that's processed in those five elements of oriental medicine.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Entropy and Syntropy</h2><p><br/></p><p>So information is actually in physics, the measure of information is called entropy, disorder. Information is disorder. It's these separate details. More information. Like in a gaseous state there's lots more information because each molecule, each atom, is moving in a particular direction at a particular speed. And to know all of that would take a huge database of all of those separate bits of information.</p><p><br/></p><p>If that's condensed into a liquid, now there's less information needed to describe the movement and activity of that, because they're going to tend to maintain the same volume, right? A gas can expand or contract, that's more information. There's constant volume in a liquid.</p><p><br/></p><p>If we freeze it into a solid, now it's static in terms of the location and relative location and space where liquid can still move and flow. So there's less information. So there's lower and lower information with lower temperature. Temperature is a measure of information and entropy is high information.</p><p><br/></p><p>The opposite of entropy and information, we don't talk about enough in physics, but there's a few. David Bom, Einstein's successor thought a lot about syntropy as well as entropy. There's some biologists who think about it because biology is not explained by entropy. It's explained by syntropy, by order. It is a self-organizing system.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the inventor of the geodesic dome, the 60 carbon compound is named after him. C 60 fullerene, Buckminster Fuller. Buckminster Fuller was a great thinker on syntropy as well.</p><p><br/></p><p>The Chemistry only moves with energy. When the body's dead the energy's not in the body. Yet there's something happening energetically that's hard to measure because it's operating in this other realm of spirit and consciousness. Yet we can measure it. We can measure the minerals of the spirit body.</p><p><br/></p><h2>ORMUS and Condensates</h2><p><br/></p><p>David Hudson had to do that to get his patent. He had to take the metals, change them chemically into the non-ordinary state of what he called ORMEs: orbitally rearranged monoatomic elements, and then change them back into the metallic state. What did he find? They have a different mass. Four ninths of the mass is missing in the spirit form, in this ghost-like form, which is similar to a Bose Einstein condensate.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'll sometimes refer to them as condensates. It acts as a condensate. It acts similar to a Bose Einstein condensate. Both the ORMEs and the Bose Einstein condensate, BEC. They're super fluid, which means they can move in and out of ordinary matter without displacing it. In other words, they're ghost-like.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you have them in a pot or a pan and you turn on an electric stove, the alchemists say you can't do alchemy there because they'll go right through the pot. You might see little beads on the outside. They'll just disappear. You can't concentrate them in that magnetic field because it's a stress field to them. They're driven away. They're driven away from electromagnetic energy. They like to be in faraday cages. They like to be shielded.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's why I come to hypothesis, the conclusion that that they will gather in certain places in the body. We know from one measurement of a sample of pig brain tissue that 5% of the dry weight of the brain is M State or Ormus or ORMEs of the iridium and rhodium.</p><p><br/></p><p>It did not find the gold in the brain, but we have indications that it would be likely very concentrated in the heart. Probably all three are concentrated in the heart.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's my hypothesis based on the convergence of different lines of research, and it's ultimately falsifiable if we had the budget, the labs, the people interested in testing.   There's certainly a lot of information processing happening in the cortex, but then that information is being fed from all the different senses to the midbrain through the white matter.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Brain Frequencies and Myelin</h2><p><br/></p><p>the frequency of those communications is called the gamma frequency of the brain, which centers around 43 hertz. 43 Hertz is what I propose to be the perfect center of that frequency range.</p><p><br/></p><p>There was a study a couple years ago that looked at the myelination of those fibers. It was always assumed that the white matter is all myelinated. But you have myelination, another myelination, and then you have what's called a node of Ranvie where there's an a space in between them.</p><p><br/></p><p>When the axon potential comes through, it jumps from one node to the next node to the next node. It turns that transmission into a series of  spikes of electromagnetic energy. And when it's going through the myelinated area, I think there has to be some purpose, some function to those.</p><p><br/></p><p>Why do we create all those layers and layers of cell membrane insulating that? The conventional answer is it speeds up the transmission. It makes it faster. That's true. But maybe there's another function as well. So walk through what I think is happening there.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's, as far as I know, the first model that exists of how consciousness really works, anatomy, and physiology, and chemistry. There was a study about two years ago, where they were able to study individual myelinated nerve cells and they found that actually it alternates between myelinated and unmyelinated and that based on their measurements and the length of those pathways, I was able to extrapolate that there's, according to the study, four myelinated segments on the nerve.</p><p><br/></p><p>That will take the 43 hertz signal and jump it up two octaves to 172 hertz. Oh my goodness, this totally supports my model. 172 hertz is frequency that I found in my own research based on studying the modern alchemists saying that you can't do alchemy on an electric stove, Europe or here, 50 hertz, 60 hertz. These appear to be stress frequencies that drive these condensates away. They're super fluid. They can go anywhere they want. They'll move away from a stress electromagnetic frequency.</p><p><br/></p><p> They have five ninths the mass of their ordinary metallic state, so they have four ninths of their mass, which is a huge amount of energy, that's not local. It's non-local. That's an interesting property. Non-locality.</p><p><br/></p><p>So quantum entanglement in physics, there's a non-local connection. It doesn't take time. There's a connection that transcends space and time. There's information that's coherent that transcends space in quantum entanglement, which has been proven. Everybody accepts. Yeah. The research shows that really happens. Einstein didn't like it. He said it's spooky action at a distance. But it's not action, it's consciousness.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's that these two are part, are connected. I would define that as a level of consciousness at a quantum level. Consciousness is the trans dimensional presence of information. This information is also here. They're entangled. So it's one bit of information.</p><p><br/></p><p>If we have emotional stress, it affects the organ. If we have organ stress, it affects the emotion. Psychosomatic, we hear a lot of discussion of, but I bring in the somato psychic, that if your liver is stressed, you're going to be a more angry person. You're going to blow up at somebody, like whoever's there in front of you. Your liver's angry. So it's like they get it projected on them.</p><p><br/></p><p>The non-coherent emotions, in Sentics, the science of touch, the one touch that has coherence... that doesn't fade over time... it's not up and down like anger, is love. Heart-centered emotions are coherent in time. That's attractive to spirit minerals.</p><p><br/></p><p>Actually this first time I've thought of it exactly in this way that makes total sense of one of my hypotheses. All three of those primary spirit minerals would be concentrated in the heart. Of course! That's the center of coherence and therefore they're all attracted to it. So interesting that iridium and rhodium, we know are concentrated in the brain. So there's some kind of coherence going on there, which the two types of information that are being carried in those sensory and motor systems are the two types of energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>Transverse energy is electromagnetic. That's light. It's also how we sense smell and taste is sensing the frequencies that resonate with certain molecules based on their shape in the lab. We'd measure the frequency and we say, oh, that frequency corresponds to a benzene ring, or a certain functional group in chemistry will have a characteristic frequency.</p><p><br/></p><p>The other type is longitudinal. That's electromagnetic as well, but it's electromagnetic between atoms and molecules. That's sound waves. That's movement. That's pressure. About 70% of spirit minerals in the body are atoms of the rhodium, which is a little more than half the size of the iridium. And the gold's a little larger than iridium.</p><p><br/></p><p>So there's a lot that deals with movement, with sound, hearing. It's our second most dominant sense. We hear the world miles away when there's thunder. But we see the world light years away when we see stars in the sky. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Vision Consciousness Evidence</h2><p><br/></p><p>Some of the most challenging questions of science are like, how do we see that?</p><p><br/></p><p>The answers that we get generally, even people at the top of the field who are trying to figure things out, usually very inadequate to me. The common way of describing it is our experience is an epiphenomenon, meaning the main thing happening is the electrical activity in the brain, and the experience is an illusion.</p><p><br/></p><p>It sure doesn't look illusory. I see real light and color and there's something real and it's out there. A child can tell you, is what you're seeing in here or is it out there? No, it's out there. I see it out there. And yet what we're seeing is not the photon energy of light that comes into the eye.</p><p><br/></p><p>If we do vision therapy with someone who has a crossed eye, or lazy eye, or some binocular problem, they have a strongly dominant eye, we'll get that cyclopean eye to move closer to the midline as they're using more information from the two eyes working together, which is how we get stereopsis depth perception.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's in an anatomical location, not of the biology, but of the spirit body, of the part that's projecting. That image's being projected from a point in space that's not fixed to the material anatomy. That's fascinating. The people who are having out of body experience, they see a full sphere of vision.</p><p><br/></p><p>Their vision is not limited by a pupil and a retina pointed in one direction in space and seeing up to 180 degrees. They're seeing 360 degrees all directions. A full sphere of vision. These are to me data points that we can only ignore at the peril of completely misunderstanding, missing how vision actually works, how information processing, how intelligence works, how we get meaning.</p><p><br/></p><p>How do we get meaning out of what we see? The meaning doesn't come from projecting the image. It comes from receiving that image. So we project it and then we interpret it. We extract meaning out of it. We say, what's that? And we move our eyes. We get more information. We look at it. We identify what it is, and then maybe we name it, oh, that's a light.</p><p><br/></p><p>I see it. That's motor. My father's predecessor, Skeffington, the father of behavioral optometry always said, " vision's motor." And everybody was like, oh what? this guy's so smart. But I wonder what? They're contemplating, I wonder what he means. What does that mean?</p><p><br/></p><p>At Harvard, famous research with two cats hooked up to an apparatus where one could move and the other was moved passively. The one that could move developed normal vision. The one that was moved passively had the same visual stimuli was functionally blind. From that study they concluded that after a certain age the cats were blind and couldn't develop their vision if they hadn't had that movement interaction with the light world.</p><p><br/></p><p>They extrapolated a lot. There was a lot of extrapolation from that to humans. They said so after age six you can't improve vision, you can't heal amblyopia, which in optometry we already knew that's not true. We work with people at every age with amblyopia and all kinds of other conditions, and they're able to improve.</p><p><br/></p><p>We have neuroplasticity, and now everybody hopefully should know that human brain has neuroplasticity where it can learn and change at any age.</p><p><br/></p><p>But we project that image. It's a real image. It's not an illusion. How can I back that up? Okay. How about remote healing and remote viewing studies? Remote healing and remote viewing. Now we're not talking about seeing something with the biological eye. Remote viewing. The person Is imagining. They're using their inner vision to envision a person or a location, maybe an animal in a cage, could be a thousand miles away.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not visible to the external eye, but what they've measured is when there's healing or when there's veridical, meaning true, vision, accurate vision, at that remote location, they actually measure with a scintillation counter. There's a quantum energetic effect. There's a trans dimensional energetic connection when there's information transfer. So that's something happening in the field when we see something.</p><p><br/></p><p>Or how about studies on the sense of being stared at. You turn around and there's somebody looking at you. There's quite a bit of research on that now that confirms that yeah, people can sense when they're being stared at. So there's a remote effect. So vision isn't just light coming into the eyes. That's happening, but what we see is being projected from the spirit body based on that information.</p><p><br/></p><p>We also know that studies on showing visual slides, when they show a slide of something scary or exciting, a snake, a car accident, the body has an autonomic, a sympathetic reaction, a stress response from the autonomic nervous system. They were really confused when they started doing these studies because the body was reacting before the slide was shown.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Conventional Diagnosis vs Body Processing</h2><p><br/></p><p>We're basing it on a few hundred data points compared to millions of bits a second that the body is processing.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'll give you an illustration, in practical terms. What does that mean? I had a woman who came to me many years ago for her first visit. I went to test her. This was electrophysiological measurement at that time, and I couldn't get any readings. Her body was not responding. It was like a computer that's thinking. Her body's processing information. I knew from my teacher, if that happens, just give them a glass of water. Let them sit for half an hour and then try again.</p><p><br/></p><p>I did that, and sat with her and talked for half an hour and said, did you do anything different this morning than your ordinary routine? There was something that her body was trying to figure out. She said I knew I was coming here to start on a health program.</p><p><br/></p><p>So I'm going on a health kick. I thought I'd joined a fitness club and I had my first workout this morning and then drove here straight after that. So she's calling on all these physiological pathways in her body. And despite the huge amount of information, processing capacity of the body, it still takes some time to reorder, to recalculate.</p><p><br/></p><p>Now, given that she's going to start doing this exercise stuff, which she's never done in the last 20 years, what do we do about that? How do we optimize her support, her capacity to do that new thing? We're going to have to send some energies there. How do we reorder the priorities for maintaining other functions that are crucial and optimizing long-term health and fitness, longevity, or health span we call it now.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it comes up with a new set of priorities and that's what we're able to read, electrophysiological, or that's what we see in the voice scans, we see where the energy's going. When we're reading acupuncture points, we're seeing where the energy's not going. That's could be a degenerative tendency.</p><p><br/></p><p>In the voice scan we're relying on the ones where there's the most energy being, it's not getting the job done easily. It's not in coherence. So if we can then identify what brings that into a state of coherence, where that job is being done efficiently, that energy is now available for the next priority on the list.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's like a to-do list. She put a new thing at the top of the to-do list that says, I'm going to exercise my body in ways that I haven't been. What are you going to do about that?</p><p><br/></p><p>And the body's, let's see, liver's has to come up with enough glucose to keep giving energy to the muscles. We have to break down some glycogen. We were working on detoxifying these things from the colon, so we have to balance that. It's shuffling the priorities and while it's doing that, we get no responses.</p><p><br/></p><p>Another example where it was not no response, but only a single response was when I tested my dad one autumn and I could only find one thing that his body reacted to.</p><p><br/></p><p>Usually it's the whole constellation of this organ is stressed and I'm reacting to this toxin or this environmental stressor. So it was one thing. It was electromagnetic stress, electromagnetic fields. So I asked him, Hey, dad, were you somehow exposed to some unusual electromagnetic field, like in the last 24 hours?</p><p><br/></p><p>And he said, I slept at our country house, which has no heat, and it's autumn, it's cold night. And so it was the first night of the season that I turned on the electric blanket. And I'm like, electric blanket? I just wrote Electromagnetic pollution solutions. You have to read it. Don't use that. And come back tomorrow and I'll test you. Because today that's all I can find out, is that you shouldn't use an electric blanket. </p><p><br/></p><h2>EVOX Coherence Method</h2><p><br/></p><p>So how do the remedies work and the EVOX? How does that correct it? How does it send it back to coherence? Yeah. With Evox it's based on frequencies in the voice, but instead of like the voice scan, you're just counting one to 10, so there's no real hooks in there of cognitive content that's going to trigger stress reactions. It's just neutral, like the neutral state of the body... where are the stresses?</p><p><br/></p><p>With evox, now you're talking about a specific targeted stress pattern, certain target, and so it's going to call up those responses.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're going to see the stress frequencies, and it's those stress frequencies where there's a high amount of energy with a Fast Fourier analysis of frequencies. Here's all the high energies. Then after you talk about that stress pattern, you're still thinking about it, but you're relaxing. So there's a contrast between the stress we've activated and this state of relaxation listening to relaxing music.</p><p><br/></p><p>So a cognitive dissonance between the two in a way. And then we're feeding those same frequencies back to the body through the meridians through the hand. The meridians are carried in the extracellular fluid. That's the home of every cell.</p><p><br/></p><p>So every cell now is getting bathed still in these stress frequencies, and the mind is still probably contemplating them. Whether it is or not, it'll work. Bec ause you're getting the stress frequencies to the cell and at the same time you're stimulating a state of coherence and relaxation.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's literally attaching a new meaning to those frequencies instead of these stress frequencies, this is what I'm thinking about. This is how I react. And this is this state that has its own coherence. It's a discordant state, but it has its own terrain, its own range Of information and meaning, we're adding a new meaning to it. That's, oh, it's actually more of a meaning where the stress is more information. I'm dealing with this information, it's stressful. What do I do about that? Or I have to do something about that. And then now we're saying, no, you're okay. You're going to survive.</p><p><br/></p><p>You're okay. You're not dying. You don't have to have a stress response to that anymore. And it could be something even from a previous generation when we're doing the transgenerational, you're talking about a grandparent. Maybe they had a particular health condition and their body epigenetics, their genes responded to that.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's like an inoculation, and you adapt to it. The problem with that... the limitation of adaptation is it limits your flexibility to adapt to other things. We want to let go of that adaptation in order to regain flexibility of our adaptability.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the oral remedies, how do they interact to bring coherence? </p><p><br/></p><h2>Electro Acupuncture Testing</h2><p><br/></p><p>So that comes from when I first learned how to find the remedies that would bring coherence was through Vega test method. It's an electro acupuncture method from Germany where we measure through one particular point. It could be any point. There's certain ones that are easy to test. They're forgiving. They're large areas. So like on the pad of the thumb. Or I prefer the pad or the big toe. So I'd be testing, put an energetic sample, a stimulus like an injectable glass vial sample of different organ tissues, different disease causes, or disease tissue, or toxins, or nutrients. We're putting these signals in and seeing which ones the body shows a stress response to. We're measuring the energy coming through that point. We put in a test sample and suddenly there's less energy. The energy went somewhere else. There was some kind of systemic, sympathetic stress response the energy is reacting to.</p><p><br/></p><p>And now if we leave that stress signal in there, it stays a low lowered reading. But if we bring in a remedy that balances it, that's going to help the body deal with that stress. So it's no longer a stress. Now it's back to a normal ordered reading.</p><p><br/></p><p>The second, developed before the Vega test, was EAV: electro acupuncture according to Voll. Voll was a dentist. He took out an infected tooth and the patient's arthritis in the knee on that side of the body cleared up. He got very interested in what the connection would be, and learned from acupuncture that, oh, that's on the same meridian.</p><p><br/></p><p>Different teeth have different meridians going through them. He got trained as an acupuncturist, got trained as a medical doctor. With the acupuncture work, he developed the electronic circuit to measure technically what's called impedance. It's similar to resistivity in a wire, but because the connective tissue of most of the body has no fascia layers to separate it, it's a continuous fluid conductive medium. The energy can move wherever it wants to move. So we're measuring impedance in a biological system. If it was a high impedance, that means a high resistance or a low conductivity, there's low energy. That would be associated with tendency toward degenerative changes.</p><p><br/></p><p>A high energy, low resistivity, low impedance would be inflammatory tendancy. In both cases with acupuncture, he'd find, okay, we measured the point before and after acupuncture. It was low, and now it's balanced. On his scale from zero to a hundred, it would be a 50.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Pocket Remedy Effect</h2><p><br/></p><p>And then by chance, when he was training some doctors in a hospital in Germany they were testing a prostate point, which would be on the bladder meridian. And it was a low reading. It was lunchtime. They took a break. Came back. He retest the point and it's totally balanced, and he gets mad at the doctor.</p><p><br/></p><p>I said, don't do any acupuncture during the break. We have to demonstrate for everybody. And the doctor said, I didn't. What did you do? I've never seen anything but acupuncture change those functions in the body. They tried to figure it out. I went across the street, I got a sandwich.</p><p><br/></p><p>I come back. I ate my sandwich, so that shouldn't change it. It was cold weather and it was getting warmed up again. He took his coat off and then measured again, and now it's back to a low reading. So his coat did it. Put the coat on. Yeah. Now it's back to normal with your coat on.</p><p><br/></p><p>What do you have in your coat? Nothing. Oh wait. I stopped at the pharmacy and got a homeopathic remedy. But I didn't take it. It's in my pocket. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Body Field Sensing</h2><p><br/></p><p>They've done since then, studies with within a centimeter of the body, which is how far we can see visually the body field on a Kirlian photograph where we're giving high electrical energy field and it's moving according to the field of the body. So it's within the body field through a vacuum encased in glass. So it's photonic. It's light energy. It's quantum energetic resonance in the body field. The body is sensing. We think our senses are just vision, and taste, touch, all that.</p><p><br/></p><p>Our body is sensing its energetic field. And so if we bring something that has a therapeutic frequency stimulus within that body field, the entire body changes its function accordingly. It's amazing. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Medicine Bag Logic</h2><p><br/></p><p>Native Americans wore a medicine bag on their chest. At Dartmouth in one of my early biology classes, instructor was giving a talk and said, I have to share something with you.</p><p><br/></p><p>I don't understand how it works, but maybe one of you someday will figure it out. And I think that's me. She said, I have migraines. And I've noticed it's very consistent. If I have my migraine medicine in my pocket, I don't get a migraine. But if it's in my briefcase, I do.</p><p><br/></p><p>So we've just discovered the absolute safest way to try taking any Western medicine because they're generally patent medicines, they're synthetic toxins that never existed in our genetic history. It's unlikely that most of them would be good for us, but we know that they have some beneficial effects.</p><p><br/></p><p>They also have some toxic effects. What if we can get the beneficial effects that are largely energetic without getting the toxic effects? So it's worth a try.</p><p><br/></p><p> I'm still fascinated by the whole Ormus thing that you were talking about. Me too. Me too. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Metals and Jewelry</h2><p><br/></p><p> People wear gold and sometimes gold has rhodium in it. If you wear gold jewelry, does that interact in some ways?</p><p><br/></p><p>Those are in the ordinary state of matter. They're metallic. Yeah. Yeah. They're not in those. And it's a good question, and I agree. It's a good question that I don't know to what degree the body can be effectively an alchemist and change it from one state to another. We know it can change.</p><p><br/></p><p>Your homeopathy story where it was in his pocket and it was affecting his energy and it was causing him to be more in coherence according to those measurements. The impedance and resistivity.</p><p><br/></p><p>Like people wear copper bracelets and it sometimes helps arthritis. Copper is an essential mineral, but also, you have to be careful. A little too much copper becomes very oxidative. Same with iron. People live longer with low normal levels of iron than high normal. Those are both pro-oxidants in higher amounts. Copper is used to kill things, like why is copper used for IODs? Because it kills the sperm. So copper is antibiotic. Antifungal. Very powerful. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Galvanic Dental Risks</h2><p><br/></p><p>Silver is the highest conductivity of any metal. When you have different metals, dissimilar metals in the body field that are connected electrically through the extracellular fluid, now you're going to get galvanic interaction, battery effects, which will pull metal ions off of those. That's the big issue with amalgam fillings. I had 14 when they were killing me. Not by the symptoms. Weren't killing me with pain. It was going to kill me by breaking blood vessels and dying of stroke.</p><p><br/></p><p>All 14 of them were off the chart electrically with a German instrument to measure the Galvanic interaction. So dissimilar metals: one of the worst things is to have a gold crown on top of an amalgam filling that will electrically push the mercury into the body much faster.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a learning process and the more we engage in that learning process of taking the intelligence that's in the body and amplifying that signal so that we can now bring it to conscious awareness.</p><p><br/></p><p>Intuition is body intelligence that's rising, bubbling up to the level of awareness. Or emotions, same way. Some of us more aware of them and more emotional intelligence and some just, nope. I'm an engineer. I'm not emotional.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Orthodontic Extractions</h2><p><br/></p><p>What about extractions for orthodontics? My kid had healthy teeth removed. Yeah. Will that affect negatively some, because the teeth are on these meridians and stuff. Yeah. It would be nice to not have to extract teeth, especially if they're healthy. But they said that the jaw was too small. So let's talk about that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Food and Jaw Growth</p><p><br/></p><p>People's jaws were not too small just a few generations ago, before we had industrialized food all around the world. Look at Price, Pottinger Foundation is perfect resource.</p><p><br/></p><p>Weston price was a dentist. Traveled all over the world. Documented cultures all over the place that were remote enough that they had not been exposed to industrial food. And in one generation, when the ships started coming there and having access to refined sugar, white flour, things like that, suddenly the jaws weren't large enough.</p><p><br/></p><p>They weren't growing enough. It's not a solution for those of us who already have that smaller jaw, but for future generations, let's learn from that experience and say, yeah, why do we need all this orthodontia? Why do we have all this chronic degenerative disease?</p><p><br/></p><h2>Water Terrain Theory</h2><p><br/></p><p>It is wonderful that our children don't die in childhood from bacterial infection like so many did a hundred, 200, 300 years ago. We learned from bio electronics of Vincent, from Vincent, who was hired by France to study their water quality. He was a hydrologist, scientist and he measured the energy of the water based on the nernst equation.</p><p><br/></p><p>So he is measuring the pH, the redox potential with RH two, the molecular hydrogen potential, and also the resistivity of the water, the ion content. Based on that, he looked at death certificates in the different areas and compared it to the water. It was something like 90% correlation, like a 0.9 or more, crazy high for any kind of public health study.</p><p><br/></p><p>You get that, it's like we found the cause. So the terrain of the water was then creating certain terrain in the body, and certain stresses coming along with it. If it's bacterial terrain, you're drinking surface waters from streams and lakes and rivers, and you're getting bacteria that grow in that terrain.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the bacteria, some of them are pathogens and they grow in the body. And if you're not healthy enough, you can't fight it off and you die with a high fever. So that was the main cause of shorter lifespan. And now we have longer lifespan because we treat water systems. That was a huge public health improvement in health.</p><p><br/></p><p>The one downside is we put chlorine in the water to kill the bacteria, but that kills bacteria in our body, which we need. Our microbiome. We're learning more and more how important that is. There's more of them than our own cells.</p><p><br/></p><p>And what else is a microbiome in our body is the intracellular symbiont, the mitochondria which we need for metabolic energy. As these folks have learned, when there's ice on the planet, we need that. We're in an ice age, not in the moment where we have continental ice sheets, but we're interglacial in that age where ice sheets come and go. 90% of Earth's geological history, there's no ice.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the best hypothesis I have for that is that those are times when earth is orbiting around Saturn inside a red and infrared glow of Saturn acting as a red dwarf star. We're finding more and more planets orbiting inside the photosphere of red dwarf stars. They're in the Goldilocks range of energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you're growing plants in a greenhouse and you want to help that plant grow even better, you put a red filter around it. And same for animals. What do we have in the womb? All of us, first place we lived was full of red and infrared light and no other light coming in, right?</p><p><br/></p><p>Because red will penetrate. If you put a flashlight on your hand at night, red coming through. So if you're out in the sun, your belly is exposed, your baby is seeing red light. We know that color vision is functional before birth. That was a big question till years ago. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Infrared and Living Water</h2><p><br/></p><p>And we know now from research on Water, University of Washington, professor Gerald Pollock, that infrared light not only stimulates mitochondrial energy production, as does some of the red frequencies, certain infrared, but the whole spectrum of infrared is absorbed by what I call living water, the structured water in the body, unlike bulk water. H2O, does not absorb infrared or ultraviolet, but water that's structured like ice, but closer together... when it freezes, now there's more space between the layers and it still absorbs infrared and ultraviolet. Ultraviolet shielded on the surface of the body doesn't penetrate very deeply. Enough to turn cholesterol into vitamin D, but infrared penetrates very deeply.</p><p><br/></p><p>We'll use a helmet with infrared strong enough to penetrate through the cranial bones. It energizes both the mitochondria and the water in the brain. People with degenerative brain conditions like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, oftentimes their symptoms will improve. Their health will improve, because we need energy to do anything. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Course Continuation Plans</h2><p><br/></p><p>Hey, Dr. Glen, I'm so sad to hear this is our last class. It's really not. It's the last of this round. And you are all invited the next round. Absolutely.</p><p><br/></p><p>My premise is like we do with the voice scanning. It's lifetime access. I personally like to give what I would like to receive. I have mentors where they do it that way, and I said, that's really good. It's not going to hurt us to have more and more people in the community. It's actually a huge benefit. And to hear everything again, that would be wonderful.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. At least 14 times. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Certification and Case Reports</h2><p><br/></p><p>And then you can graduate and, if you're interested in the actual certification process that's something I'm happy to do. The first person says I really want to have that certificate. I want to be able to say I'm certified in this. Right if you're looking to build your coaching or consulting practice is certainly helpful.</p><p><br/></p><p>My main consideration, the main thing I think will be useful to me, to you, and to the world is to implement and to communicate about that, to help someone with something, and to write up a case report.</p><p><br/></p><p>Here's what I did and here's the results. That's becomes a resource. If we have permission to publish, that's a resource for us. Say, Hey, look, we're teaching people certification. Here's a couple examples of what our students have done. That says so much more than the curriculum's great.</p><p><br/></p><p>I can say, yeah, we're going to teach you about stuff that nobody else knows yet. You'll be the first to know how you see the stars out there in real time. How could that be? I've figured out a model for it. I have not heard anyone else propose a different model that explains that.</p><p><br/></p><p>And as a vision scientist, I really want to know. I'm curious. Those open questions in science bugged me. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Cracked Tooth Triage</h2><p><br/></p><p>you mentioned before if you have a cracked tooth and a mercury amalgam. Yeah. You said that's the worst case scenario.</p><p><br/></p><p>Worst was the gold on top of mercury. Okay. The next worst would be either a cracked tooth with a amalgam filling or an amalgam filling with decay under the amalgam, which can happen. I just I went to the dentist yesterday. That was the worst.</p><p><br/></p><p>You went. Good. Good. The worst. Okay. Tell me, I agree. I hate dentist. I did. Yeah. But I love them too. Because they almost killed me. And then they saved me as well by creating this field. It was all created by German dentists and then the dentists who, I got to help me take the bad stuff out.</p><p><br/></p><p>Go ahead. Dr. Glad, so she took pictures and I saw a crack. There was, I was told there's a crack on the tooth. Okay. That's great. Is it a tooth with an amalgam? Yes. Okay. That one has to come out right away in standard dentistry, let alone biological dentistry, that's an indication for immediate restoration.</p><p><br/></p><p>I was going to send you all the pictures. I looked up. It's tooth number 17 and 18. Okay. So down bottom. What meridian is that? Or I can look it up. Don't know. But because of the pain, I felt the bottom of my left foot, I guess the last two toes underneath, I could feel it.</p><p><br/></p><p>So oh my god, like the baby toe and the one next to it? Yeah. Underneath, along that I think so. That's bladder and kidney meridian on the baby toe, and then gallbladder meridian, and in electro acupuncture, the fat metabolism vessel on the ring toe the second smallest toe.</p><p><br/></p><p>So we're going to look up dental meridian chart. So 17 and 18, was it? Yes. Okay. And that's the American system. The European system of numbering is so much nicer. The Europeans say it's plus and minus for upper and lower jaw and tooth number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh. It's like instead of one, 1, 2, 3, 4 to 16 and 17 to 32. But 7 1 17 and 18, 17, 17 would be the wisdom tooth. Was it the wisdom tooth? They extracted that because they said no, it wasn't, I had that extracted in 24 before. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Eye Symptoms Next Steps</h2><p><br/></p><p>Like it's like a cobweb thing that I see. Okay. That's floaters and that's in the vitreous. There could also be blood in the vitreous casting shadows and filtering the light and making the colors different. Be Really good to know. And there's some things where, oh my goodness, you have a detached retina. We need to reattach it right away so we can restore the vision. If you wait then we can't. So yeah, there's the triage that determining is this an urgency and you have to do this? Or is it, here's what's happening. And now we know more about what remedies would help support that?</p><p><br/></p><p>If there's bleeding, we may want to test to see if we want to support detoxification of heme, of iron. Because then that can, staying in the tissues, the body's going to try to clean it out. It's hard and it can trigger more oxidation, more damage. Do you see a triage, a case of that here? Possibly? From what you're saying, I don't know.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'm offering these are things we want to rule out. Yeah. By saying if it were me or if you were, a friend of mine, which you are, I'd say we want to know. Because the optometrists, the eye tissue is clear. They don't need to open anything up. They maybe don't even need to dilate the pupil, which if they do fine, that's just a drop. There's relatively very safe to see better what's going on in the back of the eye. But either dilated or not dilated, examination of the retina and vitreous. Okay. Definitely called for. And let you know right away what you find out and yeah, I will, whatever, whatever it is, the information is good information, yeah. Finding out is only going to give us more opportunity to support the healing. Because your body's been very stressed, yeah. Responding to healing stimuli in a way that, 99% of people don't. It's oh, that feels good. And you're like, whoa, my head's swimming. My feet are hurting.</p><p><br/></p><p>And now, we're finding out probably why. And you've gotten the cause out, which is huge. That's huge. Whatever's going on in the eye, in my opinion, the root cause is not in the eye. No. If the root cause in the tooth probably, and now you've taken care of that, and there may be more than one root.</p><p><br/></p><p>If she's able to see you and you're able to see her, she's a Good one because she'll do different tests to determine that other doctors aren't even trained in on peripheral vision and sensitivity to color stimuli.</p><p><br/></p><p>Awesome. Thanks Dr. Glen. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.</p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you. </p>