---
access: public
downloads: []
title: Accelerated Self Healing™ MasterClass 1
---

<p><iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AVk6X8zcf5k" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>
<h2>Accelerated Self-Healing and Reversing Biological Age</h2>
<p>The context we&#x27;re talking about today is accelerated self-healing, which for the past almost 40 years since I first began learning the technology that makes accelerated self-healing work. First on myself and then applying it to my own patients. In in my case, I reversed 36 years of biological aging effects in my body. My body was 30 years old chronologically but it measured about the age I am now about 68 and the prediction based on the blood test that was based on we&#x27;re saying I have less than 10 years to live I&#x27;m going to die of stroke based on my blood parameters unless we change that. So, I worked to change that and was able to reverse 36 years in 36 months.</p>
<p>And I&#x27;ve talked to one of my mentors since then without telling him my story and said, &quot;How much reversal do you see of damage and degeneration and aging effects in a one-mon program and he came up with exactly what I&#x27;ve seen myself and with clients as well. You can almost count the months that you&#x27;ve been working on this and look back in time that many years and see like a recent patient with macular degeneration. They expected her to go wet any time like the next month. She was having appointments with optometrist and retinologists were all surprised. Huh.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s not converting to wet like we thought cuz we had started working with her and I think it was after about 8 months we weren&#x27;t seeing improvements yet. We&#x27;re seeing only very tiny improvements in the retina, little reductions in some of the more peripheral dusen, but she wasn&#x27;t converting to wet. So, it&#x27;s stabilizing and shown signs of going the other direction. And she was just wondering, how long is it going to be before I see real improvement? And I said, how many years have you had the condition that you know of?</p>
<p>When did you know things start to go downhill or when was it diagnosed? And she was like, let&#x27;s see. Yeah, it was about eight years and we were eight months into the program and so that&#x27;s the norm. It can be slower. We have one client who it took 3 years.</p>
<p>Again, she was dealing with beginnings of wet macular degeneration, but we&#x27;re able to keep it from progressing for 3 years and after 3 years of just stability, it actually improved. In her case, she has lead in her foot, literal lead pellets from a shotgun that the surgeons cannot touch because they&#x27;re afraid it could kill her. So, ongoing lead toxicity exposure, just absolutely known, proven, and lead slows things down like healing. And actually, she probably had the lead in her foot for that long, too. That&#x27;s the kind of thing that we see.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s why we say reverses up to a year of damage every 30 days. It&#x27;s not a guarantee, but it&#x27;s a pattern. It&#x27;s a very significant pattern that we see is typical. An article that was in the Science Times, breakthroughs in reversing blinding eye disease leads to a new theory of everything. And it&#x27;s a different kind of theory of everything.</p>
<p>Instead of being heavy in mathematical formulas that probably have no relationship to what we can do in the real world, doesn&#x27;t tell you what to eat or not eat for breakfast. This is a clinical theory. I call it the clinical theory of everything. We&#x27;ll get to touch on that today and that will be a large part of understanding the science behind accelerated self healing because I&#x27;m a scientist. I went to Dartmouth.</p>
<p>I was a top science grad and studied all the sciences and love understanding there&#x27;s big unanswered questions in science like how does vision work how do we see the stars out there in the sky not in our head like the PhD physiologists say oh the sky is inside the skull why because you measure the coralate but that&#x27;s not what causes the image to be out there well that&#x27;s an illusion and know we know from visual science we project a visual image through the cyclopian eye into space it&#x27;s a mathematical radical projection. So, I figured that out and we&#x27;ll get into that. Not today. We&#x27;ll touch on it again, but don&#x27;t have time to dive into the details, but I figured it out. The chemistry, the anatomy, the physiology, and it&#x27;s not so much about the brain.</p>
<p>It obviously connects to the brain, but it&#x27;s about the spirit body, the immortal body, the sensient body. A brain without spirit minerals making life function is just a cadaver. When people have an out-of- body experience, they see the flatline body on the gurnie below them and they say, &quot;Oh, that poor person must have had a heart attack.&quot; And only later they realize, &quot;I was looking at my body.&quot; But me, what we identify as self in this life tends to be the body. And we think the brain is my consciousness. It&#x27;s the seat of the part of the spirit that projects consciousness.</p>
<p>But the body has sensience as well. It has intelligence and that native intelligence, innate intelligence of the body is actually what we communicate with in order to foster accelerated self-healing. We don&#x27;t decide as the coach or the practitioner, the consultant, the guide, the interpreter what the body should heal. Yes, we do in the sense of we have symptoms. We know that we can support those symptoms to paliate the symptoms without suppressing the healing that they represent.</p>
<p>Symptoms happen when the body is trying so hard to heal and doesn&#x27;t have all the right ingredients it needs to do it easily and efficiently. It&#x27;s struggling and so we&#x27;re suffering. We&#x27;re trying to heal. To stop the healing by suppression or to stop a symptom by removing the suffering organ doesn&#x27;t heal. So, we&#x27;re here to see how can we actually heal things that the textbooks are still telling us are irreversible, degenerative, can&#x27;t be done.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s impossible. All we need is one case to prove that it&#x27;s possible. And that happened to me 40 years ago with a woman who was legally blind in both eyes 2200 2400 wet macular degeneration and a few months of sharing with her what had helped me was able to pass a driver&#x27;s test and her Harvard trained retinologist was writing to me saying oh this I&#x27;ve never heard of this never seen this before never heard of it case from a colleague and obviously you&#x27;re doing some important research here I&#x27;d shared my book I didn&#x27;t publish to the public until few decades later but just summarizing what are the risk factors that we can modify what are the preventive factors that we can emphasize that&#x27;s where I started and we&#x27;ve come a long way baby so this is sort of a road map of the process each person is in a different point their own unique situation in that process but intellectually to conceptualize it. We can think in terms of the normal thinking of a timeline from past to present to future. On this dimension here, we have the body, the mind, and the spirit are all involved in the healing process.</p>
<h2>Body, Mind, Spirit, and the Roadmap of Healing</h2>
<p>The mind is a function of the spirit. But when we&#x27;re having this inbody biological experience of the spiritual being having a human life, it&#x27;s connected to the brain, the body as well. intelligence in the body proper as well as in the brain but subconscious unconscious but we can communicate with that so we have susceptibility that comes from our past the I like to say the body is from the past it&#x27;s carrying damage trauma toxins accumulated through our past experience in life our stresses that we haven&#x27;t completely healed yet we can go back in time. In a sense, it&#x27;s called retracing. In homeopathy, we can retrace from healing the recent past stresses.</p>
<p>And it&#x27;s like archaeology. We&#x27;re digging down deeper and older into layers of damage and accumulation. In the accelerated self-healing process, these are the different steps, the different modalities that we deal with. The past of the body includes our inherited epigenetics. There was a case of two women who were identical twins with night blindness, 100% genetic disorder.</p>
<p>One of the twins never went blind, retained the function of her childhood genes of normal vision. So it tells us that even in 100% genetic conditions that doesn&#x27;t mean we can&#x27;t modify them epigenetically. The mind we work with through through BOF feedback uh a system called Evox. The illustration is showing here very powerful frequency BOF feedback at a cellular level through the meridians while the mind is relaxing reassociating a new meaning to old stresses. So we can release the epigenetic stress patterns not only from our life but inherited from past generations.</p>
<p>family patterns. The frequencies from the voice are analyzed when the client speaks. We can do this over the internet and phone simultaneously. They&#x27;re speaking about say a grandparent who maybe had certain epigenetic stresses. Maybe they had tuberculosis and maybe the client has weakness in the lung area which would be a mismatic effect from that.</p>
<p>And they don&#x27;t need to know but often we do know. And so they&#x27;re speaking about that the frequencies are analyzed and then the stress frequencies are fed back into the body through the meridians. It&#x27;s working with that electrical circuit system of the body. Now it&#x27;s feeding it back to all the meridians on one of the hands. The meridians are symmetrical.</p>
<p>There are different meridians on the feet, but this system works with the hands and that&#x27;s perfectly adequate. Then we also work with susceptibility on the level of the spirit. We&#x27;ll touch on these as we go through the rest of the slides, but this is showing the terrain, the bioysics of the body. Phase five in the center relates to stress and biocommunication, endocrine imbalances. Visualize that circle as extending out over all the other four quadrants.</p>
<p>No matter what we&#x27;re dealing with in the imbalance in the bioysics of these phases of health and disease, we also have an overlay of life stress. So when we work with people every time, every program we develop will have something for the spirit for the psyche, the psycho emotional life stresses. It&#x27;s not where the person has to do talk therapy or identify the thing. With the the EVOX, they do talk about a certain subject and will help them define what&#x27;s on their mind. Once they clear the current stresses, they get to go back and clear parent and grandparent energetic relationships.</p>
<h2>The Nocebo Effect and Healing the Prognosis</h2>
<p>This will be a chart you can ponder for a long time. We could spend all day talking about it. There&#x27;ll be another one that relates to it in a different way, too. So that&#x27;s the context and you have a sense of a bunch of different aspects, different dimensions of healing from our grandparents and how that&#x27;s affecting my health to the prognosis. If you have a prognosis like one of our clients had a prognosis is going to be dead in three months.</p>
<p>Go ahead and go home and get your things in order. There&#x27;s no chemotherapy that&#x27;s going to work because you&#x27;ve had this condition before and then our therapy doesn&#x27;t work in that case. She worked with us for three months. She went and got another blood test and she was in 100% remission. She did not believe the doctor&#x27;s prognosis.</p>
<p>She said, &quot;I&#x27;m a healer myself. I know I can heal this. I did it last time.&quot; She healed the leukemia the first time without the chemotherapy and she did it again. But if we believe that prognosis and the doctor believes it and the patient believes it, we&#x27;ve got a noibo effect happening. A lot of people actually will die almost on the day that&#x27;s predicted by the prognosis.</p>
<p>So it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. We need to heal the future reference of the disease process as well as the past and the present. So dimensions of healing from the patient side, body, mind, spirit, past, present, future, we need the full context. It&#x27;s too easy to say I have the diagnosis, so I know what the problem is. You know what the effect is, but you don&#x27;t know what the cause is.</p>
<p>And to change the effect, you can&#x27;t just resist the effect. There&#x27;s a saying, what you resist persists. That&#x27;s great for big pharma. They get to treat you for life. How long will I be on this blood pressure medicine before it heals me, doctor?</p>
<p>Oh, no. You&#x27;ll be on this the rest of your life. Why? Because you&#x27;re resisting the body&#x27;s desire to make enough pressure to clean the blood. When the blood gets clean, then the pressure will go down.</p>
<p>That would be a completion of the healing process. Or if you can remove the source of toxins, which is usually in the large intestine, the main source of toxins is acids in the blood that make it thicker and hard to filter and clean. That&#x27;s getting at the root cause. Then on the sociological level, we have to heal our thinking in medicine and science. And that&#x27;s where the clinical theory of everything comes in.</p>
<p>Have you actually cleansed people&#x27;s blood to the fact that their blood pressure medications is null and avoided for them? They don&#x27;t need it anymore. Is that what you&#x27;ve done? Yep. Yeah.</p>
<p>For the last 40 years, the number one thing that people&#x27;s bodies taught me was when they have high blood pressure, the kidneys are stressed. That&#x27;s the high pressure filter, right? So, it&#x27;s trying to clean the blood. It&#x27;s having a hard time. The medical approach is to lower the pressure, which means you&#x27;re reducing the ability of the heart as a pump and the kidney as a filter to clean the blood.</p>
<p>Right? So it becomes a chronic issue and you&#x27;re adding a toxin into the system that&#x27;s reducing the ability of the heart to function well. There was a study in England where they found that people on blood pressure medication even though all their doctors said they&#x27;re healthier now because the numbers are closer to a healthy person. But it doesn&#x27;t mean you made the person healthy. You just reduced those numbers looking through a microscope at that one thing saying, &quot;Yeah, that&#x27;s better.&quot; but ignoring the peripheral vision that says when they asked the patients, the patients all said, &quot;No, I don&#x27;t feel as well.</p>
<p>I&#x27;m not as active. I don&#x27;t have as much energy. My mind doesn&#x27;t work well.&quot; They asked the patients family, they all agreed, &quot;No, no, he&#x27;s not doing as well on the medication.&quot; And they asked the pastor in the community and said, &quot;No, no, he&#x27;s not doing as well.&quot; So, we need measures that are more global and holistic, right? Context for whatever it is we&#x27;re trying to modify. The thing that testing through acupuncture measurement taught me was that the remedy that almost always worked to reduce that kidney stress was supplementing the microbiome.</p>
<p>There&#x27;s more bacterial cells in our colon than there are human cells in our body. And there should be a couple thousand species in there. And before there&#x27;s any kind of chronic illness, we see a reduction in the health of the microbiome. So getting the microbiome healthier is number one. Is that how you treat chronic high blood pressure?</p>
<p>Regenerate the microbiome and the kidneys are distressed. The heart is pumping better and the blood pressure automatically goes down. Is that how you normally treat them? Not in those terms because on a clinical legal basis we have to keep in mind who am I and what&#x27;s my relationship to the healing. The reason we call it self-healing is because it is.</p>
<h2>Self-Healing Sovereignty and the Language of Diagnosis</h2>
<p>I could say I&#x27;m a spiritual healer and I can lay on hands and I can use my energy. I&#x27;m using my intention to help people heal. But I recognize that the healing is self-guided. It&#x27;s self-directed. It&#x27;s the intelligence in their body that if microbiome is a match to their energetics and brings their body into a greater state of coherence.</p>
<p>I&#x27;m just the the interpreter, the guide, the coach, consultant, but I&#x27;m not the doctor. Well, I&#x27;m the doctor in the original sense. Doctor means teacher. I&#x27;m teaching them how to heal themselves. I&#x27;m teaching them how their body works, but they&#x27;re healing themselves.</p>
<p>So, we don&#x27;t use the word treat or diagnose because those are defined in law and I would have to be a medical doctor or have some license in their state to say that I&#x27;m treating that. So, we want to be careful not to get in hot water that way. People can legally heal themselves of almost anything in the United States except anybody under the age of 18 cannot heal themselves of cancer. I see. They will be taken away from the family.</p>
<p>Even if the parents and the child all agree this is the healing path that we choose, they will be taken away and forced into radiation, chemotherapy, and surgery. They finally did a study on cancer stem cells which are what make cancer grow back so rapidly and do so much damage after those treatments. They found that after radiation, chemo and surgery, they had increased the number of cancer stem cells 36fold. I&#x27;m not in a position to tell somebody who has cancer what to do or not do, but I can educate them and I can say if I were in that situation, here&#x27;s what I would be thinking. here&#x27;s what I would be looking at doing.</p>
<p>But we&#x27;re really clear that the sovereignty of the body should be needs to be with the sensience with the consciousness of that person. We want to bring that power back to people. Give them the tools, the resources, the guidance, the understanding, the education. The old story, teach a man to fish and he can feed himself for a lifetime. We&#x27;ll help people for a period of time.</p>
<p>It might be two years, maybe three years sometimes. We heard from a relative of someone we&#x27;ve worked with some really intense health issues. Worked with her for a couple years. And now the relative who had referred her was contacting us. I need some help now.</p>
<p>Said, &quot;How&#x27;s your cousin?&quot; She&#x27;s been fine ever since we got her through that healing crisis, got her system back on track. That&#x27;s the goal, not to have patients who are dependent on us for life, but to help people get their life back and be self-regulating. I have to be careful of the nomenclature. I have to make sure that the patient is thinking it&#x27;s we&#x27;re assisting. Healing is done by your own body and we are not here to heal.</p>
<p>We&#x27;re here to assist. Would that be safe to say? Yes. In fact, the word patient is one of those terms. Let&#x27;s say you&#x27;re licensed still as an optometrist and you&#x27;re seeing someone as a patient.</p>
<p>You got to put on a whole different hat to do this and say, &quot;I want to work with you as a health coach, not as your eye doctor right now.&quot; The best recommendation is to make it a separate practice. You&#x27;re talking about maybe retiring and doing something different. It would be set up differently as usually a PMA, a private medical association where people clearly are informed that this is not medical diagnosis and treatment. It&#x27;s not under the opaces of state regulation, license and FDA and all of that. This is more of a spiritual context where we&#x27;re working with the whole person, not just the body.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s not you doing something to their body. you know that because that&#x27;s how we&#x27;re trained to think I&#x27;m going to diagnose it and I&#x27;m going to treat it and it&#x27;s this thing which really is in a sense on a spiritual level the demon we&#x27;ve created an artificial entity it&#x27;s an idea right and it&#x27;s a powerful one if somebody has the idea that they have high blood pressure that&#x27;s a weight on you it&#x27;s oh I have high I have I have we&#x27;re owning that thought of high blood pressure and that&#x27;s a stress in itself so that&#x27;s The final step that we&#x27;ll talk about is how to heal that prognosis. You have to create your own prognosis or we can help the person create a different prognosis or really most of the people who wind up seeking out different kinds of services do it because they don&#x27;t buy the prognosis they&#x27;ve been given. They all say all the licensed doctors are saying no nope there&#x27;s nothing you can do nothing I can do nothing you can do nothing will work and you can&#x27;t improve that. But they say but I know in myself I have this inner knowledge, intuition, vision or whatever it might be.</p>
<p>I have this in inner knowledge. I have certainty within myself that I can do something and therefore I&#x27;m seeking searching for who can help me or where can I find the right tools, the right information and they find me talking about accelerated self-healing my experience with myself and clients we&#x27;ll call them clients rather than patients. and they say, &quot;Oh, finally I found someone I can talk to and they can relax.&quot; And that in itself is helping them to heal better because half of the toxins that accumulate in human tissues are metabolites of stress neurotransmitters and stress hormones. We live in a climate of chronic stress in our culture. Many people do.</p>
<p>And so we never have time out to cleanse and heal to get back to baseline. So it&#x27;s just build build build. Then we&#x27;re adding drugs on top of that. Why is it that Americans are on some measures sickest people in the world and we spend the most on health care and we take the most drugs? Well, it&#x27;s all connected.</p>
<p>Gandhi was quoted as observing the more doctors there are in an area, the more illness there is. And it&#x27;s not because there&#x27;s illness there so the doctors are going there to treat it. It&#x27;s that actually how we treat illness can create more disease. In the case of our western medicine we create a lot of disease. The actual name for the medical system that we have is alopathic medicine which means alo different pathic disease.</p>
<p>You treat a disease. How are we taught to think about it in school? Oh, we&#x27;re managing the symptoms of illness. We&#x27;re not talking about healing. We&#x27;re not talking about cure.</p>
<p>We&#x27;re not talking about self-healing. We&#x27;re talking about managing the symptoms of disease with mostly patent medicine that&#x27;s another toxin which is another disease. It has its own side effects which are direct toxic effects. So when you have a new disease, it modifies the symptoms of the old disease but doesn&#x27;t heal it, doesn&#x27;t get rid of it, just masks it. So, mentorship university is one of over 80 websites that are resources freely available to not only students, people in the certification program can use that then to educate themselves or to share with other people.</p>
<p>I believe in an open-source knowledge. This is my acknowledgement of the many mentors present and past that that I&#x27;ve benefited from. That&#x27;s weeks of exploring. introductory pages on different mentors that have meant a lot to me. And I&#x27;ve got a page in my notes of many dozens more that need to be in there and they&#x27;ll get there eventually.</p>
<p>You can see it&#x27;s divided with clinical theory and practice. We&#x27;ve got the body and mind, the spirit. It all interrelates. The more you understand how body, mind, and spirit work, know the cartisian divide from hundreds of years ago. We live in this world where we don&#x27;t know how consciousness works.</p>
<p>No clue. But we know the material world we can observe and measure. We&#x27;ve got the material and we&#x27;ve got the spiritual and mental and very little connectivity. We&#x27;re healing that divide. The first week the focus is on the body.</p>
<h2>Ten States of Matter and the Body&#x27;s Energy Field</h2>
<p>We&#x27;ll look at 10 states of matter that you need to understand to begin understanding this relationship between body, mind, and spirit and how it works. We all learned in school solid, liquid, gas, and maybe plasma called the fourth. And plasma really is three different states of plasma. Very different electrical functions in those three states. One of which is essential in the body.</p>
<p>And it&#x27;s why plasma is called plasma. The plasma in the blood or the cytoplasm in the cell is an electrically conductive medium. It carries energy. The energy in the connective tissue where every cell lives is the meridian energies we measure in electroacupuncture. That&#x27;s my background in developing this.</p>
<p>We can also look at 10 degrees of sanctuary in the body from our perceptual fields, our consciousness which reaches infinity and beyond. We can contemplate fiction. When I took multi-dimensional calculus, I I didn&#x27;t want to study it anymore because I was hard to visualize what would I use this for? Four-dimensional integral of something space all the way into the nucleus of the cell. There&#x27;s different layers and barriers as we go from say the body field going a centimeter out electrically being visible on a curian photograph and body responding to medicines that are within that field instantaneously changing the programming that of energy in the meridians to accommodate if there&#x27;s a stress or if there&#x27;s a healing substance and that&#x27;s how we do biocommunication the fundamental way.</p>
<p>Now we have ways that we can do in 10 seconds online with a voice sample. We put food in the body. It&#x27;s got to cross the mucous membrane of the gut to get into the tissue which is where most of the immune system lives. Second layer of cells and then it crosses into the blood through the endothelium. Now it&#x27;s in the plasma of the blood.</p>
<p>Then it&#x27;s got to cross the endothelium of the blood again to get into a tissue of organs, the eyes or wherever else. At that point, it&#x27;s in the extracellular fluid or if it&#x27;s the brain, the cerebral spinal fluid. From there, it&#x27;s got to cross the cell membrane to get into a cell and then cross another membrane, the nuclear membrane or the mitochondrial membrane to get to where there&#x27;s DNA activity. That&#x27;s part of the biocommunication, epigenetic control system. And so much of the communication is with light.</p>
<p>We train and understand hormones as a chemical communication molecule, right? And neurotransmitters as a chemical communication molecule, but ultimately they&#x27;re chemicals that resonate at specific light frequencies. So they are a material carrier of light signals. One study that illustrates that best is insulin. When they studied insulin on a normal cell, they found I we don&#x27;t understand it.</p>
<p>But when we bring one molecule of insulin close to that cell, eight insulin receptors respond simultaneously. We learn in school it&#x27;s a lock and key model. Yes, there is a lock and key shape. There&#x27;s a shape similarity, a resonance shape. If there&#x27;s a low energy on that cell, so there&#x27;s no structured what I call living water, then the key has to go in the lock to unlock a single trans me transmembrane protein that will allow sugar into the cell.</p>
<p>We call that insulin resistance. When there&#x27;s a healthy cell and there&#x27;s energy, the energy produces a field of structured water on the cell membrane on all hydrophilic surfaces. proteins etc. that functions in many ways as an energy supply that bypasses the need for ATP. It can run any enzyme reaction in the cell as long as there&#x27;s enough volume of that water that&#x27;s touching the enzyme.</p>
<p>So those are the kinds of new perspectives that have answered so many questions and I believe will help anyone who wants to do coaching and consulting in this field. We also look at the embryological tissue layers how the body grows from one cell to many. It forms a gut tube. It forms a neural tube for the neuroendocrine system. There&#x27;s layers from the skin on the outside to the kidneys at the deepest layer.</p>
<p>There can be penetration of stresses deeper into those layers just like deeper into the layers of sanctuary affecting the DNA. We&#x27;ll look at fractal holographic body maps how everything is connected in I care. We&#x27;ve all heard of iridology maybe scarology uricular acupuncturists treat the whole body on the ear. We know of the homunculus and the sensory cortex and the motor cortex. the acupuncture points V mapped out 850 acupuncture points how they holographically represent or connected to energetically all different organs and systems inside the body.</p>
<h2>Body Intelligence, Voice Scan Diagnostics, and Remote Testing</h2>
<p>So we have these ways of identifying or communicating with the internal body without having to take parts out. That&#x27;s nice because there&#x27;s at least 10,000 different parts that you could take out and measure. Say different chemicals in the body. You&#x27;d have to do a lot of damage to do that and you still wouldn&#x27;t know. Let&#x27;s say if you measure everything you can measure in the blood, does that tell you what&#x27;s happening inside the cells?</p>
<p>Oh no. You have to do intra intracellular measurements, red blood cell, white blood cell measurements of mineral intracellular mineral levels. But you know the intelligence in the body, the spirit body, there&#x27;s not just the consciousness but in the whole body knows all that already. It knows the history. It has greater intelligence than the consciousness of the doctor.</p>
<p>People who deal with consciousness and measurement estimate about 120 bits a second is what the thinking mind can handle. Where the body processes a couple million bits every second. We want to use our conscious mind to start listening to the greater intelligence that&#x27;s built into the system rather than think I&#x27;ve studied all these years so I know it all. know I don&#x27;t know it all. Your remote system that you have where you can listen to the voice and then evaluate the past epigenetics of the client is one aspect of how you can diagnose.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s one tool one tool in the toolbox. Yeah. And it&#x27;s not so much for the past, it&#x27;s the present state. Uh okay. But they have it where you could do that anytime there&#x27;s a change in symptoms or you&#x27;re going to have an evaluation with the doctor.</p>
<p>You can do that and see what the energetic regulatory systems where there&#x27;s struggle, where there&#x27;s a lack of energy. But primarily we look at where there&#x27;s excess energy. There&#x27;s just so much energy that you have to apply to healing. And wherever it&#x27;s using that energy up, it has less for other things. So we work to make those struggles more efficient.</p>
<p>And now the whole process becomes more efficient. Things get accomplished quickly. the intelligence in the body will move on to the next priority, the next process. So they&#x27;ll need a different solution next month than this month. So it&#x27;s like peeling layers of onions basically.</p>
<p>You find the first priority, the biggest back energetically is happening let&#x27;s say in the heart and you stabilize that so that the energy now is free to do other things. Yeah. It&#x27;s usually multitasking just like the mind. If you have only one thing on your to-do list, you&#x27;re living in a nice rural town. There&#x27;s one here where people sit and have tea and talk about life together in the afternoons.</p>
<p>Life is good. But it&#x27;s usually three, four, five. The most I&#x27;ve ever seen was 21 things. This guy was dying according to his acupuncturist. Couldn&#x27;t get his pulses up.</p>
<p>His energy is very low. Not responding to all kinds of therapies. He needed 21 different remedies to solve different things that the body&#x27;s like, I&#x27;m stuck here. I need this to keep my life going, to keep my vision going. It was all material chemical support.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s like, oh, we got to go in there and change the chemistry at the ground level. Where if somebody&#x27;s pretty healthy, they might only need more energetic andformational signals to turn on, flip a switch here, flip a switch there, turn on the healthy epigenetics in the heart. This is a chart of physiological Before we go ahead, if you say the diagnosis is that, if the treatment is, let&#x27;s say, your formulas, are they doing two or three, four things at the same time? They&#x27;re sort of basically multitasking at the same time. Yes, your heart is your major one, but it will take care of your kidneys.</p>
<p>It&#x27;ll take care of your liver. It&#x27;ll take care of your blood pressure all at the same time. Is that the way you&#x27;re talking about multitasking? Yes, but I&#x27;m going to remind that we&#x27;re going to reframe whatever treatment and diagnosis they&#x27;re doing is part of what their system is dealing with. What we&#x27;ll find is what their body reacts to as a stress.</p>
<p>So we identify stresses. We&#x27;ll see that on the voice scan. When I do a deeper dive, do a manual test here. I can see causality. I can see, oh, the stress is coming from here and it&#x27;s winding up over there.</p>
<p>So if we not treat, but if we identify what really cancels out that stress reaction, what produces a state of coherence where now it&#x27;s working efficiently. It&#x27;s saying, &quot;Oh, well, if I have that herb or that microbiome or that homeopathic or that mineral or that combination of remedies, then I no longer am struggling. I&#x27;m not showing a stress reaction to that same stimulus that was a stress before.&quot; Imagine, say, a person is phototohobic. They&#x27;re light sensitive, and they show a stress reaction to heavy metals. Well, that could be triggering the light sensitivity because the light comes in, it ionizes the heavy metals and makes them more toxic, more active chemically.</p>
<p>So then what&#x27;s the solution? The solution is if I see that reaction on the heavy metals and maybe that&#x27;s showing that&#x27;s causing stress in the retina. But what counteracts the stress reaction of the heavy metals? Maybe it&#x27;s a chilation remedy. Maybe it&#x27;s spirit minerals, which are super conductive and super fluid and can go in there and move the heavy metals.</p>
<p>Maybe it&#x27;s some other herbs that help to bind and protect the body from heavy metals. So, we can actually determine with an energetic trial versus a clinical trial where okay, try this for a month and let&#x27;s see if that helps and maybe you can observe the symptoms. I&#x27;ll be able to see if there&#x27;s a change in pupil reflexes or something like that. Everything is completely individualized according to their signature of their voice and then even better than that would be a face-toface meeting with you where you could do physically better a deeper dive. That&#x27;s what I learned to do and then a move to the west coast from the east coast.</p>
<p>I have clients who used to be patients back there who are calling me saying we can&#x27;t find anywhere else to go for this kind of support that was helping us. We need your help. And so I learned ways of testing remotely where I&#x27;ll test my own body as a surrogate for their body. I&#x27;ll use the photograph to visualize them and I&#x27;ll have their history and their symptoms. And now I test myself.</p>
<p>I can do that. I could do it with electro acupuncture, but that&#x27;s cumbersome. For years I&#x27;ve been doing muscle testing and I&#x27;ll teach different ways to do that. I&#x27;ll use samples, little glass vials that are energy samples for the different stress patterns and samples for the remedies. You become their surrogate energy signature.</p>
<p>Yes. It came from in electroacupuncture observing that if we tested a mother who had a infant who&#x27;s asleep in a carrier across the room, the energy pattern we see in the mother&#x27;s meridians related to her symptoms and her conditions. As soon as the baby&#x27;s awake and now comes and sits in her lap, you can test the mother, but her energy has now shifted completely. It will now show you what&#x27;s happening in the child. Babies don&#x27;t want to have their acupuncture points poked and they don&#x27;t sit still.</p>
<p>Understandable. I think that that&#x27;s a great way of having a physical capabilities for you to diagnose with the physical person not being there. So obviously you found a workaround where your East Coast clients can still be having the same quality of care. Yep. Same quality of outcomes.</p>
<p>I like that. I like that very much. And I think that&#x27;s a great tribute to your mentor that has taught you that you can not be physically there but still be Yep. One of many. Yeah.</p>
<p>I&#x27;ve got a page on him. If we look at a leaf that&#x27;s been cut, there is no physical leaf in this upper part. But this is a curlian photograph, which means where the leaf was, there&#x27;s still something. There&#x27;s a field that&#x27;s has the form of that leaf that&#x27;s affecting the movement of electrons. It&#x27;s an electrical field.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s high frequency electrons that are moving through the plate of the film. And it&#x27;s showing that there&#x27;s this spirit body still there. And it&#x27;s undivided. We can divide the physical body, can surgically cut out a part. We can&#x27;t surgically cut out a part of the spirit.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s not quantized. It&#x27;s not in an ordinary state of matter that&#x27;s separable like that. It&#x27;s a unified field. This is an illustration of one of the pages on the university site. Dr.</p>
<h2>Electroacupuncture, the Eye-Heart Circuit, and Plasma Modes</h2>
<p>V, who developed electroacupuncture back in the 1950s. There&#x27;s resonant points for all the different parts of the eye. I found in working with eye disease, I rarely had to resort to using those points. They&#x27;re a little harder to test. They&#x27;re right by the eye.</p>
<p>And to me, the starting point for healing is to start with the context. Start with the big picture like we&#x27;ve done in this talk. If we have that handled and we still need something more, now we can get out the microscope, the magnifier, look a little closer at certain points, see what else we can find and a deeper look. The eye has the strongest electrical polarity of any organ, any tissue in the body, the retina. It&#x27;s the negative charge, the electrons that charge the brain.</p>
<p>The positive pole of that circuit, the liver meridian goes right up the optic nerve and connects to the liver. That&#x27;s the positive pole. In cintonics optometry, Dr. Spitler studied frogs with electrodes to see where&#x27;s the greatest electrical polarity of different major organs. It was between the brain and the liver.</p>
<p>So we&#x27;re dealing with the photo voltaic panels of the body here the retina charging the brain and the polarity with the liver which is a major source of direct current that runs the meridian system in the body. We&#x27;ll have time to go into more of that. I mentioned the three different modes of plasma. The dark current mode is what&#x27;s happening in our blood plasma and our cytoplasm. Glow mode would be if there&#x27;s a person who is so high resonance that we can see their aura.</p>
<p>We see a halo around their head. That would be glow mode. A light bulb is in glow mode. The sun is in arc mode. And you can see there&#x27;s transitions where the function distinctly changes.</p>
<p>So I count those as three of the 10 different states of matter that we&#x27;re going to understand. That&#x27;s this first week just looking at how can we understand the material body but still in the context of body, mind, spirit. Now we&#x27;re looking at the mind, the minding body. It&#x27;s not just the conscious mind. We have great mind maps for consciousness and vision therapy.</p>
<p>We work with improving the vision being the dominant sense. Very powerful. That&#x27;s why I came into this field. I&#x27;ve also developed a model, a map of the five elements of oriental medicine as a cycle of consciousness. Here&#x27;s a little illustration that we used in an article that was published in the Sonic Journal.</p>
<p>Breath means spirit. We breathe in the spirit. The metal element in oriental medicine is also associated with the sensorium with our senses. So we breathe in the material basis of consciousness, the spirit minerals along with oxygen. They&#x27;re both paramagnetic.</p>
<p>They both become diamagnetic when they get into the blood along with iron which is ferroagnetic turns diamagnetic when it combines with those other minerals. Then they go to the heart where we have the strongest magnetic field in the body unlike the electrical field being strongest in the eye. In oriental medicine the only two organs that are directly plugged in to every meridian, every electrical circuit in the body is the eyes and the heart. What are the first things that we see in embryology? Two dark eye spots and one beating heart at the same time.</p>
<p>senses with the vision being twothirds of the nerve current to the brain. The information then is processed in the heart. Where do we get meaning? Do we generate meaning in the visual cortex? No.</p>
<p>No. We generate light patterns that are projected into space and then received and interpreted by the heart. One of the most fascinating studies of all where they show visual slides that are either relaxing nature pictures or something something arousing or stressful that&#x27;ll trigger the autonomic nervous system sympathetic response. They were just so confused when they started doing these studies. They&#x27;d use a random number generator for the computer to determine what slide&#x27;s going to come next.</p>
<p>Nobody knows what the picture&#x27;s going to be, but they were finding that the body was reacting before the picture is shown if it&#x27;s a stressful picture. It breaks the model. We&#x27;re taught that causality is a linear timeline. The past determines the future. This is a reverse time effect where the spirit body iridium in the visual cortex is projecting the visual image that we see 49th of the mass of that mineral is non-local.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s universal. It&#x27;s across space and time and so it can project that image non-locally in space and time as well. is projecting it into a particular space and it projecting it a bit across time forward and back. So there&#x27;s this backward time that then is interpreted by the heart similar non-ordinary state of gold in the heart. They thought at first the body maybe is picking up some kind of signal from the computer.</p>
<p>They didn&#x27;t know how it would know what the random number would mean. They had a fast enough random number generator and computer that the body was reacting before the random number generator generated the number to tell the slide show what to show. Then they tested the body to see where is this sympathetic autonomic reaction starting. It is starting like in the hypothalamus you might think right something like that. No the first reaction is in the heart and then the brain and then the peripheral.</p>
<p>There&#x27;s more nerve pathways, axons from the heart to the brain than there are from the brain to the heart. There&#x27;s a neurological pathway that can carry that information. The information is also being processed primarily in the spirit itself. This is that cycle that from the lungs, the right lung is the largest because the heart is on the left side of the thorax. is the thorax, lung, heart, the organs of digestion, earth element associated with thinking.</p>
<p>We see that for example in people who have macular degeneration, they&#x27;re ruminating, they&#x27;re thinking, their thoughts are stressed. We work with them with the auditory and energetic bio feedback, the evox to clear that kind of stress pattern. Research on it has shown that the stomach meridian goes directly energetically to the macula. The earth element is onedimensional like linear logical reasoning linguistic thinking. Then we get to the water element and we have will and also memory action.</p>
<p>And then the wood element associated with vision is where we have greater freedom of information processing. Not just to choose which is a two-dimensional plane. You can go right or left. You can go forward or back. Right?</p>
<p>You can navigate the future through free will, but it&#x27;s still a two-dimensional choice. But with three-dimensional thinking, with visual imagery, now we can imagine all kinds of scenarios. I can go over the mountain. I can tunnel under it. I can go around it to the left or the right.</p>
<p>I can make an airplane and fly over it. Which shall I do? Oh, sometimes the greatest wisdom is I don&#x27;t have to do any of those. So the freedom to act or not act and also to get the feedback the visual feedback when we take action we can imagine what the result is that we want and compare it to the actual result so we can improve performance with that visual feedback freedom to choose two dimensional freedom which is can I go right or left there&#x27;s free will free will is associated with the water element the kidneys in oriental medicine. That&#x27;s where jing is stored.</p>
<p>The jing I find would be associated with roodium the third of the spirit minerals the main ones and that would be associated al also with the thinking thinking and deciding is roodium the vision is iridium also visual input visual imagery and input gold is what gets the meaning out of it it&#x27;s what interprets the sensorium it&#x27;s what allows us to see and hear and feel everything as if it&#x27;s in one world because it&#x27;s all in the world of receptive gold interpreting, attaching meaning, giving attention. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. It&#x27;s not superficial stuff.</p>
<p>So, I understand if you have questions, that&#x27;s actually good. I&#x27;ve done quite a bit of research and reading, so this makes sense, but I haven&#x27;t tied it to a particular metal. So, this is new for me to tie it to rodeium and gold and things like that. It makes sense. And these are not metals.</p>
<p>They&#x27;re the same element but in a non- metallic state. They&#x27;re transition minerals which we usually call transition metals because the ordinary state is a metal. But this is a non-metallic state where 49s of the mass is non-local has totally different properties more akin to another state of matter that doesn&#x27;t exist in the body but exists in the lab in physics of Bose Einstein condensate. So we can understand something of the function based on that. These exist in the body but not at body temperature.</p>
<p>They&#x27;re not thermally coupled with the body. Would it be safe to say that that&#x27;s in a different dimensional? 49th of it is in a different dimension. Yes. 49ths of it is in the dimension of consciousness which is non-local.</p>
<p>It spreads across all space potentially all time and potentially beyond whatever that might be. Anything we can imagine. the amount of that non-local energy in one human body, one human soul, the part that transcends that doesn&#x27;t stay in the body. There&#x27;s some that stays in the bones. I don&#x27;t have a measure of that, but the amount that&#x27;s transportable that can have an out-of- body experience, the non-local part is equivalent to how much energy was released in Hiroshima times six.</p>
<p>Wow. So the power of our own mind and consciousness and subconscious body intelligence is something that&#x27;s worthy and mind-blowing worthy of taking that in. Maybe I do have the power to heal myself. I have the intelligence built in to know what I need. I have to learn how to listen and attend to what is it calling for?</p>
<p>Does it want this? How can I test it with a muscle test or an electrical test? We&#x27;re going to emphasize the muscle testing because you don&#x27;t need to buy equipment and train and practice how to use it. You need to practice or pendulum or any form of dowsing rods or two ways, right? Amplifying the intuition, amplifying the body knowledge that&#x27;s already there.</p>
<h2>Systems Thinking and the Trinity of Spirit Minerals</h2>
<p>I approach things from a systems model. I studied systems dynamics at Dartmouth. I got a a straight A and they say it&#x27;s the hardest course in the whole school. It&#x27;s at the engineering school. It&#x27;s how to understand complex feedback systems.</p>
<p>And I believe because that&#x27;s what physiology is, we need a systems approach in order to find the potential of working with this incredible living system to find out what its possibilities and potentials are. So we have the context, the container, the content, the connections between the contents. Like that map of physiology would be an example of that. If we&#x27;re looking at chemistry as the container, context might be health. Okay, I&#x27;m talking about my health.</p>
<p>Let&#x27;s talk about chemistry. We have this map of physiology or maybe the container is the KB cycle and these are the KB cycle components. But there&#x27;s also always communication. If we look at it as a materialistic view of western science, we say, &quot;Well, I understand the KB cycle. I understand physiology.</p>
<p>I&#x27;ve studied all of those pathways. I&#x27;m studying DNA snips and I can measure them and I&#x27;ve got the whole material thing in my head. I can figure it out. I can measure and see which is excess or deficient. I can manipulate that on a chemical level.&quot; But we forget that there&#x27;s communication and that the communication is actually the superior control.</p>
<p>Think of it maybe it&#x27;s in your optometric practice you have your supply of frames and maybe do lens grinding. You have your lens supply and you have the process of equipment that makes that. And so you&#x27;ve got inventories. The content is the inventories. It&#x27;s the material stuff.</p>
<p>Do we have everything we need? What are the material levels? We have enough inventory. Great. Okay.</p>
<p>The connection between those would be let&#x27;s say we have enough frames but we don&#x27;t have have enough lenses so we can&#x27;t make the the prescription lenses for the person. So the connections are are important. Communication is if I&#x27;m getting low on some supply am I telling the person who does the ordering in time to not interrupt the supply chain. So the communication is the plan. The body has a plan.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s acting on that plan. And there&#x27;s deficiencies from the context, from the environment of the materials, the energies, the information that&#x27;s needed to complete that. These connections are energetic. By the way, if you change one content into another, a change always takes energy. It may release more energy than it takes, but every chemical reaction has an activation energy, an initial energy that&#x27;s needed in order to start.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s why we have enzymes. It reduces that activation energy by about on average 75%. Which makes the chemical reaction go millions of times faster. But again, like we saw with insulin, it it depends on the energetic environment that enzyme that those substrates are in as well, not just the material content. We need the energy.</p>
<p>We need the information to coordinate it all to be a smooth operation. And that&#x27;s when we can reverse a year of aging and degeneration in one month. When it&#x27;s all flowing smoothly and when it does, it heals what it needs to heal. And then it&#x27;s done. Okay.</p>
<p>And then the intelligence, the communication says, &quot;Okay, we have extra capacity. What&#x27;s next? What should we do next?&quot; I only ever had one test in 44 years that was perfect. I could not find a single thing, not a flower essence for the psyche. There was no stress mentally, nothing in the body.</p>
<p>And it was a horse. My my brother&#x27;s wife, it was a physiatrist, a rehabilitation specialist for people, but would do that for her horses. She loves horses. She had a horse with a really bad injury. And she didn&#x27;t know anything about what I do other than I say, &quot;Send me a sample of hair from the horse.</p>
<p>I&#x27;ll test it and tell you what remedies to give it.&quot; So, she sent me two horse hair samples in two different envelopes just marked A and B. I test the first one. It&#x27;s like, that&#x27;s weird. I&#x27;ve never seen this before. There&#x27;s no stress.</p>
<p>She sent me a sample from their prize stallion who is out in a big green field in the summertime. So, okay, that made sense. As healthy as a horse. Here we&#x27;ve got the consciousness cycle illustrated along with the chakras, the the colors associated with the chakras and the opposite colors, the complimentary colors associated with the five elements associated with those chakras. And you can see they&#x27;re connected by spheres that are concentric with the heart, which is a model, an insight that I got from Ry, my partner, for 28 years now.</p>
<p>We&#x27;re figuring it out together and with training more practitioners, we&#x27;ll have more minds to figure out even more. It&#x27;s so fascinating to me how the meridians, the chakras, the consciousness, it&#x27;s all on the same map. Finally, these are the minerals that I mentioned. Gold is the largest, radium almost as large, roodium is smaller. The gold is bringing the information back to the heart where the rodeium is projecting out the sound, the auditory space, the visual space and other senses would be associated with the type of energy, the classification of the energy.</p>
<p>Is the energy transverse like light which would be smell and taste or is it longitudinal energy waves like sound but also like touch temperature would be more in transverse before we go forward I know you&#x27;ve given me of the upper chakras the gold the iridium and the rodium do the lower chakras also have any type of element that&#x27;s associated with them as well it&#x27;s a sphere it&#x27;s a sphere sphere of gold energy, a sphere of aridium energy, a sphere of roodium. So yes, all three are in the heart, but it&#x27;s the gold that&#x27;s receiving the energy. There was a study of the brain tissue. We have very little data, but what we do, I&#x27;ve put the pieces together. Roodium and aridium are in the brain.</p>
<p>In fact, 5% of the dry weight of brain tissue in that one sample. That&#x27;s a huge amount of material. But on any standard chemical lab test, you usually don&#x27;t even write it down. It&#x27;s called unknown. So if they record the unknown, then you have the data.</p>
<p>But most tests, they don&#x27;t even bother. It&#x27;s the ash that didn&#x27;t ionize. We don&#x27;t know what it is. Don&#x27;t even want to think about it because we don&#x27;t know. But there&#x27;s a patented test from Russia where you take that same instrument.</p>
<p>You put it in a different atmosphere which costs millions of dollars to set up. And then you burn the ash for 3 minutes instead of 15 seconds. And finally it turns back to a metal and shows you oh it&#x27;s gold. It&#x27;s radium. It&#x27;s rodium.</p>
<p>There&#x27;s so much more. That&#x27;s why it&#x27;s a going to be a 12-week course. I&#x27;m telling you the what in the course we&#x27;re going to go into the how. Now to me to understand is to have a map and now we have this person who&#x27;s in this place on the map what can that relate to what what are the possibilities for healing this may be gold for them for the heart but also to get meaning and then we look at oh gold happens to be the antidote or major antidote for mercury and if we look at terrain of pH alkaline acid balance if a tissue becomes acidic the gold actually drops into metallic mercury. So we can have mercury toxicity in a tissue because it&#x27;s not getting oxygen, it&#x27;s hypoxic, it&#x27;s poor circulation, it&#x27;s low energy, block metabolism, mitochondrial dysfunction, degeneration where mercury is present even though the person said, &quot;Well, I never was exposed to mercury or my blood is not showing mercury.&quot; Okay, but that&#x27;s not not measuring what&#x27;s in that tissue that&#x27;s degenerating.</p>
<p>It gives us more insight, more options, more clarity as the person changes too. Oh, what changed? Oh, the symptom went from my eyes to to now the skin around my face is breaking out and I&#x27;m not having the light sensitivity anymore, but I have all this itching. My ears are itching. Itching coming out of my skin.</p>
<p>Well, that may be lead because lead causes itching and it&#x27;s a route of elimination that bypasses the kidneys that are much more sensitive to heavy metals. That&#x27;s just the first two weeks. Week three, the spirit, the trinity of gold, ridium and roodium. The chakra spheres chart that I just showed you. For example, we know in vision about the cyclopian eye cuz in vision therapy as a person becomes more binocular that cyclopian eye that projects their visual space moves toward the midline.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s sending the image out. We know the image the information is received and processed in the heart based on those visual stress response studies. Here&#x27;s a map that shows in different conditions how that center that receives the information moves in different directions. Another one that&#x27;s worth spending a little time looking at because well over on the left side they&#x27;re not seeing things the way they really are. Maybe not seeing things at all in a coma.</p>
<p>And over here it&#x27;s more about the action, the response. It&#x27;s like the livery anger. Okay. Interesting. That&#x27;s relates to the sensory fields.</p>
<p>If we look at something like neural linguistic programming, visual memory would be over here. Visualization which is involved in imagining taking action, depression, not taking action. The energy, the anger&#x27;s turning inward. So here&#x27;s another map of what we&#x27;ll go through on the next nine weeks, which we talked a little bit about in the beginning. Week four, healing the family patterns of inheritance, healing the epigenetics.</p>
<h2>Family Inheritance and the Archaeology of the Body</h2>
<p>Do that primarily with the evox. We&#x27;ll clear some current stress patterns until the bio feedback tells us, oh, you&#x27;re ready to clear now your parents and grandparents, what you&#x27;ve received from them, illustrating that, having fun with some AI illustration, family inheritance with the evox, the steps to do that. This is the kind of support that you&#x27;ll have to implement this. You can purchase the software to do Evox. You can do it with and through us and we have past clients who were so amazed at it that they bought the software and becoming coaches in that.</p>
<p>So we&#x27;ll have a range of coaches available for that or something that you can take on yourself as well. Then healing the past history. The body is this archaeological dig to go back and heal deeper and older issues on the material level. Scar tissue, that&#x27;s where tumors form because it&#x27;s scars contract. They block the flow of fluids, of energy, of information.</p>
<p>We&#x27;ve shown the life progression. We can go back and heal the stuff that happened prenatal even there&#x27;s a process for that. This is another software on Zitto that I&#x27;ve developed to do bofield analysis. Again, there&#x27;s software available. We can use it here or you can we&#x27;ll make that available to our practitioners as well if they want to test that way.</p>
<p>That uses that hand cradle so you don&#x27;t have to learn where the acupuncture points are and test them 10,000 times before you&#x27;re comfortable like I know how to test that. Six, epigenetics, how we&#x27;re affected by the environment and our past and our thinking and the chemistry and everything affects our genes. One of our primary ways is with the nest system now called energy for life system with the voice analysis and infaceutical drops. When we do a deep dive on it, we&#x27;ll find out some of those may be a source of stress. we&#x27;re healing epigenetics and we might need a non-epig material remedy to balance it.</p>
<p>It might be that the epigenetic the drops themselves, the frequencies themselves will heal it and then that will be the remedy. We want to relieve symptoms. We&#x27;re healers. We want to help people feel better. That&#x27;s important.</p>
<p>The problem with suppression is that they feel better temporarily, but they get worse and the feelings keep going and actually get worse over time. Study on aspirin, for example, we all know it relieves headache, but did you know it increases future headaches? That&#x27;s great. If you&#x27;re an aspirin salesperson and not a very spiritual person, you&#x27;re not helping people. It also increases the risk for wet macular degeneration and other bleeding disorders.</p>
<p>We want a better solution that will relieve the stress, the symptom, but also support the healing, help the body to complete the healing faster rather than saying stop healing so you don&#x27;t feel that. Okay. I&#x27;ve developed over 150 functional formulations. They&#x27;re botanical nutritionals. They&#x27;re pure, potent, and very practical.</p>
<p>We want to track the depth of penetration of the stress patterns in the healing process so we can confirm if they&#x27;re moving in the right direction. If stresses are going from the kidneys like in hypertension, if the kidneys are doing better and the blood pressure is better regulated, but you&#x27;re having some asthma recur that you experienced in childhood, you&#x27;re retracing. It&#x27;s an old symptom coming back. It&#x27;s going to usually come back for a shorter time and clear. You&#x27;re clearing toxins that were there all along but stored in the tissue.</p>
<p>Now, when they&#x27;re on the move, you feel them. But that&#x27;s system three. It&#x27;s what I call the processing system. The gut tube and the respiratory system together or from that embryological tissue layer, which here in the clinical sense, I divide that into the gut and related associated organs and the respiratory system would be next up in that. Everything is oriented toward health.</p>
<h2>The Five Phases of Terrain</h2>
<p>So phase one terrain is low energy. That&#x27;s where you have chronic degenerative disease, viruses, cancer. You want to increase your score. Just like we&#x27;re trained in school, we want to get a better score. Increase the number.</p>
<p>Rather than being focused on the disease, we&#x27;re focused on the movement, the direction that we&#x27;re visualizing ourselves moving with healing. There&#x27;s a solution. The symptoms are signals and we want to listen to the symptoms. We want to interpret them. We want to understand them.</p>
<p>We especially want to track them as they change and see if they&#x27;re moving in a healing direction. Are they moving downward in the body? Are they moving outward in the body? That&#x27;s good. Even though it might be uncomfortable, it&#x27;s going to be for a shorter time and resolve the deeper issue.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s the pathway out. I like to say better out than in then navigating the terrain. most powerful dimension of healing the bioysics. This would be the pH and you&#x27;ll see on a different chart. So this would be alkaline and acid as measured in the Venus blood technically where this science comes from in France.</p>
<p>And then oxidation reduction electrons and protons is the way to interpret that for the client. We&#x27;re dealing with the balance of protons and electrons in your system. And if you got a viral issue, we know where that tissue is. It&#x27;s in this low energy terrain. It&#x27;s low electrons, low protons, low ionization.</p>
<p>Ionization is a function of light. So the opposite would be allergy train. Allergy and toxicity. High energy, but it&#x27;s too much of what you don&#x27;t need. The toxins are energy, but they&#x27;re toxic energy.</p>
<p>The allergens are energy, but they&#x27;re foreign material that your body is having a hard time getting out. Immune complexes are big molecules that don&#x27;t fit out through the kidneys easily. And too much electrons and protons, too much energy, high energy symptoms. Heart attacks happen in phase 4 train, cleansing train. So we have rejuvenation train, regeneration train, where bacteria grow.</p>
<p>This is where fungi grow. This is where algae would grow. It doesn&#x27;t it grows in the environment outside the body in that terrain. We want to get back more to balance and deal with our life stresses and take on new life stresses, take on challenges, the terrain. We&#x27;ll learn about that five phases of health and disease.</p>
<p>These are mitochondria. That&#x27;s mitochondria streaming along microtubules in an axon. They are little lasers moving along fiber optics and they&#x27;re communicating with the whole body through that fiber optic through light. And then there&#x27;s a low energy terrain. There&#x27;s mitochondria in a tissue that&#x27;s doesn&#x27;t have energy.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s degenerating. Those are real videos. We want to demystify the diagnosis so that you&#x27;re not walking around carrying this weight of I have high blood pressure. I have a problem. That&#x27;s all going into our visualization and giving meaning to those cells and telling them what to do.</p>
<p>Oh, keep doing that. You&#x27;re a problem. Keep showing me that you have a problem. Here&#x27;s another map I made of the terrains. Allergy and toxicity.</p>
<p>If we&#x27;re closer to balance, we&#x27;re cleansing. If we&#x27;re further from balancing, we&#x27;re having a reaction to the stuff that we don&#x27;t want there that&#x27;s foreign. And further out here, we have toxicity. Mapping out where fungi grow and where viruses, which we look at as not a living thing, and there&#x27;s no proof that they can live. They can&#x27;t live or die, but they&#x27;re definitely part of us.</p>
<p>7% of our genome is exoomes, viral DNA. And I believe the function of it is when it&#x27;s functioning right, it pulls heavy metals out of the DNA. How else are you going to get it out? It has a magnetic attraction to the DNA. It accumulates over time.</p>
<p>So when you have a flu or a cold, that&#x27;s a seasonal cleansing. It&#x27;s cleansing whatever tissue is reacting. It&#x27;s a stomach flu. It&#x27;s doing the whole digestive tract. It&#x27;s a respiratory flu.</p>
<p>Okay? It&#x27;s cleaning the respiratory system. One, my first mentor who saved my life told me, &quot;Watch out in 30 years or whenever if they come out with a vaccine for the common cold.&quot; Oh, what? Wait. Oh, isn&#x27;t that corona virus?</p>
<p>Yeah, for corona virus. There&#x27;ll be a lot more cancer because that&#x27;s part of the body&#x27;s healing system. The symptoms are not the problem. How we treat the symptoms is either the solution or the problem. So we want to understand that oh my god I have hepatitis.</p>
<p>Well okay what does that mean? Hepa means liver and itis means inflammation. It means oh my god my liver is inflamed. Well it hurts and it&#x27;s swollen. I can feel it here.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s all it means. And of course there can be more specific diagnoses and there&#x27;s meaning to that as as a coach or consultant. We want to understand all those details. But we want also the client to transform their understanding of the Latin diagnosis into a meaningful visualization of the process and even more importantly why it&#x27;s happening. Why is there inflammation in the liver?</p>
<p>Well, what creates inflammation? The immune system. And why? To dissolve what doesn&#x27;t belong. To move it out.</p>
<p>Oh, so you&#x27;re saying you&#x27;re having this intense inflamm. So, the immune system is working really hard to clean your liver. Okay. Well, how can we help it? Oh, immune modulators reduce the inflammation and make the detoxification process more efficient so you can get the job done rather than what a steroid.</p>
<p>Well, the steroids are like what the adrenals make when it&#x27;s something you need and adrenals are healthy. They&#x27;ll make some natural steroids that downregulate the inflammation. But steroid drugs are trying to turn off the inflammation to stop the symptom, to stop the process. So putting things in context is so helpful. Week 10, the hierarchy of treatment.</p>
<h2>The Hierarchy of Treatment and Levels of Regulation</h2>
<p>I made a picture for you. Future medicine will be the medicine of frequencies. Doing a little cintonics here. That&#x27;s a quote from Albert. The five different types of treatment we want to avoid as much as possible.</p>
<p>And people who come to you for self-healing are mostly going to be in alignment with this already, but they&#x27;ll love hearing it. We want to minimize and avoid surgery because now we&#x27;re sacrificing tissue. We&#x27;re saying we can&#x27;t heal that. We&#x27;re going to get rid of it. There&#x27;s a time for it.</p>
<p>But let&#x27;s say you have gang green, might be diabetic. Your whole right leg has turned black. There&#x27;s no circulation. The surgeons say, &quot;If we don&#x27;t cut that leg off in the next two or 3 weeks, it&#x27;s going to kill you.&quot; No question. That&#x27;s the only treatment that there is for it.</p>
<p>Well, okay. So, hopefully you&#x27;ll you&#x27;ll check in with me on a weekly group session and say, &quot;I have a question in our new practice better system in the community there. Is there anything I can do? this person is scheduled for surgery. Yeah.</p>
<p>There&#x27;s two treatments that I&#x27;ve learned that work. Each one independently can prevent the need for amputation whether it&#x27;s a finger or a leg for gang green and one is particular PMF. There&#x27;s two generations of the same research that&#x27;ll bring back the circulation to that leg. Is that is one of them the cloud system? This is the one that we&#x27;re using now.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s the newest. The beamer will work if they say, &quot;Oh, I have a beamer.&quot; It&#x27;s like use it, use it. Okay. At least twice a day. Normally twice a day.</p>
<p>If my leg was black, I might try more. Okay. So that improves about 30% increase in circulation every time you use it. Is that the one? Yep.</p>
<p>Yep. Rivers 40 years of aging on circulation. That alone has helped many people avoid amputation. The other one is ionized water. You&#x27;ll hear more about it in the course.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s drinking the alkaline water. That&#x27;s antioxidant. It&#x27;s molecular hydrogen water as well as alkaline and negatively charged. You&#x27;d soak the leg in strong what they call super oxide water. The acid side of what the filter puts out used topically and that electromagnetically helps draw the circulation.</p>
<p>I would do both. Regulation is the outcome, the response. If I&#x27;m going to do this kind of work with people, is everybody gonna be better right away? No. It depends on how responsive their system, how capable their system is of healing.</p>
<p>We call that regulation. There&#x27;s a scale like all of these scales on a level for the client. I do a five level scale. So, it&#x27;s five levels of treatment, five levels of regulation, five terrains. And then more scientifically, we can break that down to 10.</p>
<p>Still just five on regulation. Blocked regulation is where you&#x27;re giving them the right guidance. They&#x27;re doing everything they need to do to move toward health. And it&#x27;s just going to take time. One of the most important questions you can ask on the intake is how have you responded to other natural healing interventions?</p>
<p>What have you tried? How do you respond? Well, I&#x27;ve tried a lot of things and nothing works. Okay, that&#x27;s sounds like block regulation. there&#x27;s something that&#x27;s not working in their body.</p>
<p>It might be detoxification pathways. When they finally get to a point where it frees up those pathways, they start detoxifying. And when toxins are on the move, they&#x27;re ionized. They&#x27;re in the blood. They&#x27;re in the lymph.</p>
<p>They&#x27;re in the connective tissue. Your cells are affected by it. They&#x27;re feeling it. You have symptoms. So, they feel worse before they feel better.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s negative regulation. In any case, it&#x27;s always so helpful to preframe with people. Look, you&#x27;re starting a new program. Let&#x27;s say you were starting a new exercise program. Do you think you&#x27;d feel better the next morning after your first workout or might you feel some aches?</p>
<p>Yeah, you might feel some aches. That&#x27;s negative regulation. You feel a little worse before you feel better. So, be gentle. Don&#x27;t dive into the Japanese hot tub photo.</p>
<p>My first office was in Japan. You say you put your pinky finger or pinky toe in there and test the temperature. Some people are very sensitive. Another important question, how sensitive are you? If they have a lot of negative regulatory responses, say I can&#x27;t take anything.</p>
<p>I had somebody yesterday, I can&#x27;t take even a drop of alcohol in a 50ml bottle. Okay, we&#x27;re going to do it another way because we&#x27;re looking to minimize your stress in the healing process, help you through any healing crisis, any cleansing reactions, any Herxheimer die- off reactions. And then you get into mixed regulation. This is where you really need to understand those layers, tissue layers and depth layers in the cell because if you can determine that the symptom is moving down and out from the system, you&#x27;re moving in the right direction. In mixed regulation, there&#x27;s some symptom that&#x27;s improving and some that&#x27;s getting worse.</p>
<p>If the symptom that&#x27;s improving is my vision is clearer when I wake up in the morning and the symptom that&#x27;s getting worse is but I&#x27;m having diarrhea. Something that was blocking your vision is coming out of your system and your body&#x27;s saying we don&#x27;t want to reabsorb it and go back to the liver and infect the liver meridian that goes to the optic nerve. Right? Navigating that mixed regulation is where you really need the distinctions of how are these symptoms changing? I had hypertension.</p>
<p>Now I have asthma. Okay, that&#x27;s moving out of the system. It&#x27;s a less deep embryological tissue layer. We&#x27;re moving in the right direction. How can we still support and paliate immune modulation to reduce inflammation in the lungs and things like that?</p>
<p>Then we get into positive regulation and optimum where the person is basically healthy and they say, &quot;Oh, I just do what is good for me and it feels good and I&#x27;m good.&quot; That&#x27;s why the woman who was really sick and we worked with her for a couple years, we haven&#x27;t heard from her in 10 years because she&#x27;s doing fine and she&#x27;s in her 90s. Because she&#x27;s in positive regulation, she can do something and feel if it&#x27;s good and do more if it feels good. Self-regulating. But when you&#x27;re in blocked regulation, nothing, you can&#x27;t feel a difference. So, you need high quality guidance from a guide.</p>
<p>negative regulation. You really need help through that to get through the healing crisis with a minimum stress and minimum time. Mixed regulation, you need to understand this is something moving out of my system. The young man in his 20s who had severe panic attacks and the testing showed his kidneys need to cleanse. When the kidneys start cleansing, they&#x27;re dissolving toxins.</p>
<p>They&#x27;re moving them. He&#x27;s going to feel it. He&#x27;s going to feel his kidneys. What&#x27;s the feeling of the kidneys? Fear.</p>
<p>So we had talked through he went home had his remedies started taking them and he contacts me and describes what he&#x27;s going through. He says well I&#x27;m I&#x27;m experiencing fear. It&#x27;s not like a form fear. It&#x27;s not fear of something. I just feel fear.</p>
<p>What&#x27;s happening? What do I do? What does it mean? Say well you&#x27;re cleansing your kidneys and that&#x27;s the feeling of the kidneys. So, it&#x27;s stuff coming out of your kidneys that needs to come out so they don&#x27;t have that sensitivity and reactivity.</p>
<p>He totally got it. He said, &quot;In the past, if I felt that fear, I would have been afraid that it was going to turn into a full-blown panic attack.&quot; And it would have. Exactly. You get in the spin cycle between the body, what&#x27;s going on materially, and what&#x27;s going on in the spirit informationally. It&#x27;s the fear of the fear.</p>
<p>You&#x27;re in the spin cycle, right? But he said, &quot;Knowing that&#x27;s what it is. I can just be with it. I can totally do this.&quot; Got right through it. No problem.</p>
<h2>Transforming the Prognosis and the Path to Certification</h2>
<p>Again, why the context matters? Body, mind, and spirit. All important. So the response, the regulation, responsibility, a little play on words and the prognosis. We want to transform that self-fulfilling prophecy of doom that a person might have been given.</p>
<p>By the time they find you and are looking for your help, they probably have already rejected that. They&#x27;re looking for help and support because I don&#x27;t know what to do, but I know there&#x27;s got to be something other than just waiting for going blind or whatever. Transforming to see light at the end of the tunnel. The biggest transformation, the informational, the conscious transformation is the coaching part of helping them to understand the process they&#x27;re in and how they can heal. So, they have hope and they have motivation to act knowing that I&#x27;m doing the right thing.</p>
<p>This makes sense. It&#x27;s intuitively correct. It feels right. It&#x27;s non-toxic. It&#x27;s non-invasive.</p>
<p>I can do it at home in my own house. I don&#x27;t have to travel and wait in a reception area with sick people or go to clinic in Mexico or Europe and spend $40,000 for a week and hope that works. I can do this day after day in my own home. We&#x27;ve got the format for you. Lots of connections for the eye, brain, and body.</p>
<p>Various protocols. Here&#x27;s another one of the websites that&#x27;s a resource for you. Different protocols, you can access, and there&#x27;ll be more, but that&#x27;s a start. I really like the idea of open-source information as much as possible. I use my own website when I have a client.</p>
<p>I say, &quot;Oh, you&#x27;re really sensitive.&quot; Okay, guide you and talk you through it and then I&#x27;m going to send you the link on titration and you can read about the people who are more sensitive than you, right? And how you can move on that spectrum to adjust your dosages to the right level that you&#x27;re able to integrate and handle because it&#x27;s tremendous. There&#x27;s one of my first patients with this client really. She was blind with cataracts in her early 30s. Could not would not consider surgery because she was pretty sure she&#x27;d die of anesthesia because she was so sensitive to chemicals.</p>
<p>She lived on a mountaintop in Vermont with no electricity because electromagnetically sensitive, no written matter because of the trace solvents and she could eat two foods. She came and visited me in person. That&#x27;s the only way I knew how to test at that time. found two remedies, natural remedies that energetically balanced her meridians. So, I sold those to her.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s the protocol at that time. She knew with her sensitivity, she&#x27;s probably going to have a strong reaction to it. She knew she&#x27;d probably have to recover from that reaction in a hospital. And she did. And she came back another month.</p>
<p>I tested her again and found a couple things. These are things that balanced, but I refuse to sell you the bottles because I don&#x27;t want to be party to putting you in a hospital again. So, here&#x27;s what I will do. I&#x27;ll open the bottles myself and I&#x27;ll take a capsule and I&#x27;ll put it into a little glass vial like I use for testing and I&#x27;ll give you those. I suggest try just holding them in your hand for maybe a minute or two, maybe twice a day and let me know how that goes.</p>
<p>And heard back from her that was perfect. She could feel it working. She had no exacerbation of symptoms. She didn&#x27;t have to go to the hospital. actually started her healing progress where she could then get out and handle other environments.</p>
<p>She wanted to be a healer. She was a healer and she was able to take other courses and things. So, we&#x27;re about there. The clinical theory of everything, another major site for reference. Whether you&#x27;re taking the course or not, this information is all freely available.</p>
<p>But something that I use all the time, if there&#x27;s an epigenetic pattern related to part of the brain, we know from German new medicine that&#x27;s associated with certain cancers in certain areas of the body or other stress patterns, other disease patterns in the body. I can give them the link to that page to kind of person who wants to read more. That&#x27;s the last nine weeks going through that process. This will be an ongoing course, not just the one 12week cycle. We&#x27;ll see how many times I can do it live, but we&#x27;ll have the recordings as well.</p>
<p>People who join us partway in can go watch the old videos and catch up. If we do a second or third cycle in the spring, summer, fall, uh we&#x27;ll add those to it. And we&#x27;ll have ongoing live support with the medics on the front line of the war against humanity. It&#x27;s one way to look at it. there&#x27;s something you need.</p>
<p>Today&#x27;s video will be a course. This will be the free part of the course and I&#x27;ll do this a few times probably with different slides, different angles and those will all be available for free on our site. That site will have a free level of membership. So again, open- source concept. Everyone should have access to healing support as much as possible.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s why we make the voice scan free as well. lifetime access and there&#x27;ll be courses on how to use that. We&#x27;ll be able to have weekly information sharing and weekly coaching where you can bring a client that you&#x27;re working with a case that you&#x27;re working with and we can look at that ahead of time. I can do a bofield analysis. You&#x27;ve done a scan.</p>
<p>I&#x27;ll analyze that further and we can get together and everybody can benefit from other people&#x27;s questions and other people&#x27;s cases, but also the ability to bring challenging cases to the group. It&#x27;s negotiable. What I&#x27;m putting out is $3,000 for the 12week course with lifetime access. One option is 297 a month for 12 months. It can help the budget.</p>
<p>If you&#x27;re in a position to implement right away, we can arrange for your investment to go into product that you can resell at a profit rather than just into the educational sphere because that&#x27;s really the goal is to increase our cadre of doctors out there familiar with the products and the process. educate those who are using because a lot of them don&#x27;t know about all 150 products or all of the different things that we feel could be helpful for them. Right now we are making everything by hand here in Hawaii. The goal is to get enough doctors on board that we have some leverage to get those on full script one at a time. It&#x27;s going to be a big investment for each product manufacturing.</p>
<p>There&#x27;s only one company that can even make them in the US. We&#x27;re probably going to focus a lot on macular degeneration initially, getting those products onto the market and looking to grow that company for manufacturing and distribution and uh getting the word out to the public. And that&#x27;s when we also want to have professionals that we feel comfortable referring to. It&#x27;s not just about a product, it&#x27;s a whole worldview that that makes all the difference. I don&#x27;t personally take any income from any of this.</p>
<p>I haven&#x27;t for 30 years. I get a social security check and I donate it to the ministry so we can do more. The course is once a week. It&#x27;s once a week for the 12 weeks presentation material and then a week off then another 12week cycle. Plans could change.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s the future. Visualize. So if someone wanted to have a refresher or could not quite grasp the situation and the first 12 weeks they could come in and redo the course like they did in there will always be some different information each time. As long as it&#x27;s meaningful, we&#x27;ll keep the previous course videos available as well. We&#x27;ll figure out a way to make that all searchable and go to the right spot in the video.</p>
<p>I know there are platforms where that&#x27;s possible. Now, there might be certain topics that you feel like I need to hear that again or I really want to bring this case study, this case that I&#x27;m working on would be perfect for family inheritance. And if we can&#x27;t make it on that Thursday night, there will be a recording of it so we can catch up with it. I wouldn&#x27;t expect it in less than a week to be put online. So, we&#x27;ll have 12 different topics for 12 weeks and also as we get a group together, we&#x27;ll start meeting a second time during the week.</p>
<p>Interactive, case-based, question and answer. I know we&#x27;ve talked a little bit before and it seems like this is something that fits in how you see the next phase of your life as you&#x27;re retiring in optometry and as staying a healer. Let&#x27;s make it work. Sounds good. That would be good.</p>
<p>I&#x27;m more looking at doing for family members. That&#x27;s the first place to start. I started with myself. I learned how to do electroacupuncture. I started practicing my family.</p>
<p>My father was my best subject at the time and he lived into his 90s and beat cancer two times. That&#x27;s being a healer. I care about this person. I&#x27;m going to put my energy into that. And then that&#x27;s how we learn.</p>
<p>And then friends and when people get results and somebody else hears about it, then you start having the magnetic attraction of can you help me? I heard what you did for your family. Right. Well, that&#x27;s that&#x27;s my major goal. I&#x27;ll start with me and then carry on with family members and then it I&#x27;ll take it from there.</p>
<p>That quote from Einstein was exactly what I wanted to tell you that energy will be a healing of the future. And that was very profound and now we&#x27;re getting full circle. Yeah. And above the energy is the consciousness. But how does it communicate?</p>
<p>And how does the material communicate? It&#x27;s all frequency all the way down in the spirit. The frequencies are held as phonons, sound waves within the spirit body. The vision and the auditory. It&#x27;s how we have the different senses working together as one consciousness.</p>
<p>Right? Because it&#x27;s this non-ordinary state of matter, ghostly matter. It&#x27;s super conductive. There is no resistance. It doesn&#x27;t take any energy for that form, that thought, that consciousness, that experience to continue being stored, resonated, drawn on.</p>
<p>It takes no energy. So, it&#x27;s immortal. Right. Right. No, no.</p>
<p>I I&#x27;ve been doing quite a bit of this thing since 2009, learning and reading and watching different practitioners. So, I&#x27;m very very interested and I think you put everything together. The chakras, the meridians, the consciousness, the acupuncture. I&#x27;ve had all of this done to myself and it all makes sense to put everything together. So, I like the idea.</p>
<p>I thank you so much for explaining the 12week course and what it&#x27;s going to be entailing and what the background is. I&#x27;m looking forward to it. I think some will take me a little longer to wrap my head around. I want to know how come in India in ancient times they could see light coming out of the body and they&#x27;re describing it as chakras and and in China on the other side of the mountains they&#x27;re seeing or feeling the electrical energy flow and electricity it&#x27;s not two different worlds it&#x27;s just two different states two different abilities to be aware of I think it&#x27;s based on the cosmic environment in those places at those times right it starts to Makes sense. If there&#x27;s enough energy in the system that the plasma in the body begins to be in glow mode, you&#x27;ll see chakras.</p>
<p>Yes. Yes. I know. I&#x27;ll be your first candidate in this course. Thank you.</p>
<p>For healing really. Okay. Wonderful. We look forward to all the logistics of signing up and registration and a new way of learning, new things from a new perspective. Same body, different perspectives.</p>
<p>I love that idea. So, I look forward to that. I thank you again and Ray. Take care, Glenn. Say hi to Ray for me.</p>
<p>We&#x27;ll do. She&#x27;s Thanks, Glenn. Okay. Oh, the whole cam is there. Nice.</p>
<p>You&#x27;re so welcome. So glad that you could make it. I know it was very short notice. And this was I thought I&#x27;m going to do a run through. I&#x27;m going to record it.</p>
<p>I might as well let a few people know it&#x27;s happening. I always like it best when there&#x27;s some interaction, not just talking to the computer. Hello. Hello. Great to see you all.</p>
<p>Yeah. So, you guys are definitely all in invited. No questions. I&#x27;ll put you on the list. You&#x27;re not committed or obligated to anything, but you&#x27;re using the remedies and so I want this information to be available to you.</p>
<p>It&#x27;s only benefits all of us. Thank you. Thank you. And then one of our clients was mentioning that you did a webinar the other day and I was like, &quot;Oh, I need to check in with Glenn and see what he&#x27;s up to.&quot; She said it was really cool and she was saying there were some different boy scans and things. So, we&#x27;d love to find some time to learn more about that or if you can shoot me a recording to show me what&#x27;s going on.</p>
<p>That that will be a free course as well. That&#x27;s focusing on the voice scan that we make available for free and people can share it with other people. There&#x27;s no obligation to buy anything or use our services, but they have access to that and access to the platform. We&#x27;ll have education about how to use it to make as much easy on-ramp for healing as possible. So, is the voice scan going to be linking them to products?</p>
<p>Within the voice scan results, there&#x27;s recommendations for appropriate infaceutical drops that go in water. They have high energy light and electrical field frequencies in a saline base. So, drops under the tongue or in water, usually in water. Stir it with something non metallic because it has an electrical charge when I keep in the water. They&#x27;ve also just added they&#x27;ve just coordinated with a company PRL that makes wonderful products.</p>
<p>The PRL supplements are herbal. They&#x27;re organic. They&#x27;re not as concentrated as what we make, but it&#x27;s a good intermediate level. It&#x27;ll be a little bit leer cost price point as well. And it&#x27;ll tell them right in the scan, okay, these are the ones that are resonating with the stress patterns in your voice.</p>
<p>They can order them directly from PRL. If they want to go further, then the course goes into you take the name of the inface that&#x27;s recommended. What would support that in our system, go to our website remedymatch.com, search for that name, find the page for that product, and at the bottom there&#x27;s related products and you can go shopping there. So, it&#x27;s for the shoppers. They can shop without paying for professional services and decide what they want.</p>
<p>And then the next layer would be if they run into something. Oh, there&#x27;s something up here. I need your input. Need some help with it. And also we&#x27;ll be listing resources like if you want Fukushima Health and Wellness to be listed as a resource for our remedies and if you want to do coaching there, we can list that as a resource.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s one of the big goals because how much can I do myself? Okay, there&#x27;s a big world out there of people that need something different than what they have and a lot of them are realizing that they&#x27;re looking for something different. So, we want to be able to get people to knowledgeable, helpful, wonderful people like yourselves and know they&#x27;re in good hands. Especially if we&#x27;re able to launch one and another another of the products and get them out into hands in full script that have 125,000 functional medicine people that&#x27;ll then have access to it. I&#x27;ve got friends who don&#x27;t dispense but they will recommend.</p>
<p>So they say let me know as soon as it&#x27;s on full script. I will recommend them in my practice. Yes. Or sending someone to she has reditis pigmentotosa. Look forward to working with a bigger group of practitioners too with cases like that we can all learn from.</p>
<p>I&#x27;m still learning. I know I learned a lot from you over the years. Love your mind. Yeah. You met Tony Kosovo yet?</p>
<p>Has a machine. It&#x27;s called a photon stimulator and we&#x27;ve been using it on the eye in different places and it&#x27;s been really helping. Yeah. I used the uricular points of the ear for parasympathetic and then we used the eye sympathetic and then she noticed improvement within 30 minutes. Wow.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s the kind of thing when we get the group going to interactive sessions. If you feel comfortable presenting a case that&#x27;s disidentified, introduce people to other ideas. I&#x27;m not looking for this to be something exclusively mine. I just know I have a lot that I want to share while I can. You have a lot to share.</p>
<p>A lot. Yeah. I missed the first part, but I heard a little bit for a second about plasma. Where does that fall in the course? Because I&#x27;ve been really interested in that lately.</p>
<p>It&#x27;ll come through in different places, but framed it mainly in the body section, which would be the first week. So this this week, yeah, there&#x27;s three different distinct forms of plasma, states of plasma, and really there&#x27;s more than that. There&#x27;s biological plasma, which the physicists don&#x27;t connect to plasma, but it is a metal is a plasma of electrons inside a solid. It&#x27;s an electrical conductivity function, but there&#x27;s three distinct states of gaseous plasma. Let&#x27;s say cosmic plasma.</p>
<p>You&#x27;ve got like in the body, you&#x27;ve got dark mode plasma. There&#x27;s no no great amount of light. There&#x27;s not luminous visible luminous emission unless you&#x27;re have a halo around your head and then there is or we were talking about chakras. I think in India at the time that they identified that I think it was visible and there was a high enough energy that the plasma in the body was in low mode so you could see the chakras. Why else ancient people weren&#x27;t dumb?</p>
<p>They just saw different things than we did. many%. Uh so yeah so then from dark mode which is like 99% of matter in the universe according to plasma cosmologists then there&#x27;s glow mode which would be like a light bulb fire a flame. It&#x27;s ionized and the electrons are going from high energy states to lower energy states emitting a photon that&#x27;s in the visible range. So we see it glow and then flame is different than a spark or lightning or the sun.</p>
<p>That&#x27;s arc mode. Electrically it changes. There&#x27;s distinct points where it changes phase changes state. So I consider there&#x27;s different states of matter and the spirit minerals in the body are another state. Structured water is another state.</p>
<p>The fourth phase of water they call it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, exciting.</p>
<p>We&#x27;re looking forward to happen. It&#x27;s finally happening. Congratulations. That&#x27;s super. Thank you.</p>
<p>Thank you. Yeah, I think it&#x27;s perfect timing. There&#x27;s so much increasing awareness and people realizing that the answers are not FDA approved. That&#x27;s okay. And we&#x27;re not really looking for a new FDA solution for it.</p>