---
access: member
downloads: []
title: Healing Family Patterns Discussion 1A
---

<p><br/></p><p><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/65Tvs_yT4Ss?&amp;wmode=opaque" width="640"></iframe></span><br/></p><h1>Healing Family Patterns Discussion</h1><p><br/></p><h2>Transgenerational Healing Discussion</h2><p><br/></p><p>It is so cool to hear about the transgenerational healing and the possibility of healing a mom or another person in our family. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>That is mind-boggling to me. That story that you gave is such a cool example. I'm just delightedly inspired by that.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. The example being so clear that it's not dependent on proximity, on contact. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right? </p><p><br/></p><p>No, it's dependent on the antenna, which is the gene, and you have the same gene. It's the same antenna. It's clear demonstration that at a genetic level we're communicating to and from the universe. We are universal beings.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's automatic. She didn't have to be thinking maybe this will help my mom. Never crossed her mind. </p><p><br/></p><p>That is so incredible. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>And what an extreme example if they hadn't been in contact with each other for 30 years. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. I know, my God. It was like, okay, the angels set this one up for me to learn this.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was really for her and her mom, but from my point of view, it's wow, I will be talking about this case for a long time. So this is now about 40 years later. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh wow. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, it makes my whole year so far to hear that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you so much for all of this.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep, yep. It doesn't mean whenever you work with somebody, their whole family is going to suddenly... no. But it's an observation. It's a data point. If that's possible, if that's real, which it is, yes, then, we want to include that in our conception of what is... how things work, </p><p><br/></p><p>expand our realm of possibilities.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. Yeah. To watch for it to see, maybe somebody in the family is doing better and you're doing better. Are they doing anything different? Is it related, somehow similar body systems, that are healing? Maybe there's something going on there.</p><p><br/></p><p>What is science? Observation and alternative hypotheses. If we don't hold those alternative hypotheses in our mind, then we have spiritual blindness. That's what I call it. It's a real term. Spiritual blindness is if we don't believe it. If we're trained in science and we believe that the science knows everything.</p><p><br/></p><p>And if they don't talk about it in refereed journals, if you can't get a PhD in that, if there's no government funded or corporate funded research money, if you can't publish it peer reviewed, then it's not real. But that's what they believe. That's what they're trained to think.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Critique of Modern Medicine and Historical Context</h2><p><br/></p><p>And as soon as you think that you're just going to reject all kinds of things, homeopathy. There's nothing in it. That's what I learned. It can't do anything because there's nothing in it. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's a faith. It's a belief, and it's a spiritual blindness. They can't see the power in it. There's no money in it because you can make infinite amount of medicine from one sample of material. That's why it's been rejected from the level of the owners of monopoly medicine, of materialist medicine.</p><p><br/></p><p>It started with Rockefeller and Carnegie. They owned the oil industry, which started out in medicine. The first product of rock oil was the competition for snake oil. We only know 150 years later that snake oil actually is higher in essential fatty acids than anything else. And rock oil is loaded with all kinds of toxins.</p><p><br/></p><p>So we had a suppressive medicine. We had a nutritive medicine. The nutritive medicine was much more expensive to make, because you have to get the oil from the snakes, you have to deal with snakes first of all. And then how much oil can you squeeze out of a snake? Not a whole lot. Rock oil is cheap.</p><p><br/></p><p>They had a much higher markup and they still do. 80% of our modern medicines are still made from rock oil... petroleum. In fact, that number's going up. a couple decades ago I learned it was, 70%. Now it's up to 80 and almost all those are suppressive. They're toxins.</p><p><br/></p><p>They had lots of money. Like today, they have 80% margin between the cost of a drug and what it's selling for on average. In nutraceuticals, it's a 40% margin. It's a good industry, good business. Can make money, but it's not 80%.</p><p><br/></p><p>Pharmaceuticals making 80%. They have so much money. It's the most profitable industry on the planet, and they have all this money to use to maintain their monopoly control. The Rockefeller Carnegie interests, they had the rock oil. They were transporting oil by train, so they bought the trains. They owned the railroads.</p><p><br/></p><p>When someone in Pennsylvania came up with brilliant idea of transporting oil by a pipeline that would've been more efficient and still is today for transporting petroleum, an accident happened where a whole bunch of sections of it, just unexplained.</p><p><br/></p><p>They blew up. We don't know who did that. We can guess. Rockefeller hated competition. They had so much money, they took over the banking. And they worked together with the owner, the monopolist (Hearst), that owned all the newspapers, and paid for advertising and articles to paint snake oil as what we know now.</p><p><br/></p><p>Snake oil. Where'd that story come from? It was always a medicine. It was real. It was helping people, but the cultural consciousness was trained to think, oh, it's a ripoff. It's more expensive than the rock oil. I'll take the rock oil, I have to pay for snake oil.</p><p><br/></p><p>We still use that term in the derogatory sense, and we don't know why. It's Rockefeller. So they looked at medicine. They said, how do we make the most money in medicine? How do we get rid of the competition? How do we control it? How do we make the most profit? And they commissioned a study called the Flexner Report.</p><p><br/></p><p>Patent Medicine and Medical Monopolies</p><p><br/></p><p>And Flexner report came back and said patent medicine, because there's this legal process in man's law that says if you create something new, you can have a patent on it and you can have a monopoly on the pricing and the distribution, the manufacturer of that for so many years. Oh, great. We have monopoly.</p><p><br/></p><p>We like that. Enforced by the government. Great. And uh, so we'll go into patent medicine. Now. What do we do now? We look at all the different types of medicine, the different schools of medicine. There were like about 10 times as many schools of medicine in the US. Only a few of them were the patent medicine schools.</p><p><br/></p><p>There were naturopathic schools. Mostly were homeopathic schools. There were eclectic schools that used some patent medicine occasionally when that was the thing they felt worked best. But they'd used natural medicine mostly. Whatever worked best.</p><p><br/></p><p>So what they did was they hired all the best professors, teachers from the eclectic schools and wherever they could. We got a good researcher, scientist, teacher? Hire them to the patent medicine school and invest in the facility.</p><p><br/></p><p>We'll build beautiful facilities, beautiful laboratories, great libraries. And then we go to the legislature with some more money and say, we want to donate to your campaign and we'd like you to help us to modernize medicine. We want to upgrade medicine. So it's meets modern standards. We have penicillin as an antibiotic.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's our example of someday we'll have a drug for every disease. And this is the way it's going to be. But we need to make sure the doctors are trained properly. Look at these modern schools of patent medicine. And we need to license them. Make sure they are properly trained. State is going to license them. Nobody else will be able to practice medicine.</p><p><br/></p><p>The osteopathic schools said we want to get on board the gravy train because this is where things are going. We want to be licensed so we can practice. And they gave up their history and they're looking for regaining that history today. But the other schools got set aside and we had osteopathy and physicians, medical doctors trained by the patent medicine schools.</p><p><br/></p><p>And trained to think. They're not trained in nutrition. They're not trained in homeopathy. They're not trained in herbology. They're not trained in body mind therapies, energy medicine. Really not trained in any non-invasive treatments. And now we have federal government, FDA we'll regulate and say this treatment is approved.</p><p><br/></p><p>They have to go through $800 million of research to approve the average drug. So there's no competition because you, as a healer, or you as a scientist, or you as whatever your knowledge, and abilities, and intuition, and training might be... you can't diagnose and treat disease. But "what is diagnosis?"</p><p><br/></p><p>It's to know the difference. It's to categorize. It's to put a Latin name on a problem that's showing up in the body. Does the problem tell you the cause? No, it doesn't. Does it tell you the solution? In conventional medicine, yeah. It tells you the solution that's approved by the FDA, that we can sell.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're here to match you with the drug that's right for you. I say, " doctor, is this drug right for me?"</p><p><br/></p><p>I feel like the diagnosis almost like a curse because then it just gets into your mind your spirit, your psyche. Does that make sense? </p><p><br/></p><p>That's exactly how we're going to frame it.</p><p><br/></p><p>When we talk about diagnosis, we want to undo that, that curse of the mind accepting, I have this. You're telling your whole body, your cells, to have this, to manifest this, and now we're going to fight it. We're going to resist it. What we resist persists if the symptom and the disease is an expression of the intelligence of the body, mind, spirit trying to heal and we're resisting that trying to heal.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're suppressing the healing process. So we're turning it into a longer term, lifelong condition with the diagnosis and the treatment. All reinforces we have this. And we ask the doctor, "well, how long will it take this drug to heal the condition?"</p><p><br/></p><p>No, no, no. You don't understand. You'll be taking this the rest of your life. If your side effects get too bad, we'll either give you another drug to treat those side effects, or we'll try a different drug that'll have different side effects. Why are Americans the least healthy people on the planet when we take the most drugs?</p><p><br/></p><p>I don't know. What's wrong with this picture?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep.</p><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Glen. Mm-hmm. For the EVOX system, you need the hand cradle. You need a microphone with the headset. And you need the software? </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. </p><p><br/></p><p>Tally all the information into it. Those are the three physical things we need with it.</p><p><br/></p><p>on a PC computer. </p><p><br/></p><p>On a PC computer. With the seven or above windows. I just wanted to reiterate the physical hardware that you need as well. And it's available at the store. The cradle. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, but don't order it through the store because it's 497. It's going to be 297 direct from us through our communication on the practice better platform or however. It's not available for 297 online. Right. That's the special price.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's just for the hardware. We're going to give you a better price in terms of sessions and all that. Yep. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. Makes sense.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay.</p><p><br/></p><p>If it's solving problems, there's more one way to solve the problem. </p><p><br/></p><p>Absolutely. And I see that coming through every single time you talk to us.</p><p><br/></p><p>I thank you again for today. </p><p><br/></p><p>We love healing cats. Yep. The animals and children respond so quickly to this kind of healing because they don't have as many layers accumulated. It varies from one to another, but it's, through my 45 years, been very clear that, children, look how fast they, and animals, oh my goodness, amazing.</p><p><br/></p><p>this will work on animals. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Really </p><p><br/></p><p>Not the EVOX.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>Because they don't talk. </p><p><br/></p><p>the lineage, </p><p><br/></p><p>but the previous technology still available looks like a computer mouse.</p><p><br/></p><p>You put your hand on it or you put it on the belly of an animal, and in half a minute or so, you have a scan of the body field, through the electromagnetic field versus the voice frequencies. But the same frequencies are active in both. </p><p><br/></p><p>Doc, Dr. Glen, I have the NES scanner.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. Do you put this on the animal's body?</p><p><br/></p><p>The curve top where you'd put your hand, </p><p><br/></p><p>oh, I did it wrong. </p><p><br/></p><p>It'll work. The field is there, but that's going to put the sensors closest to the body. Yeah. It'll work. </p><p><br/></p><p> This is the first I've heard of, what is it?</p><p><br/></p><p>EVOX.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. Vox is Latin for voice, E for electronic. It's an electronic voice, biofeedback. It's when you speak about a topic, instead of speaking the numbers, one to 10, that have no real significant content for psychoemotional, or health issues, or life stresses.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's just neutral. It's just the numbers one to 10. Simple. Not complicating. Not adding other thoughts and activating other stresses, but just whatever's the baseline stress in the body is going to show up. Counting one to 10.</p><p><br/></p><p>With EVOX you're speaking about a stress topic for a minute or so, and it's recording. It's analyzing the frequencies and giving you that graph that shows where the stresses are landing.</p><p><br/></p><p>Then it takes those same frequencies, sends them back to the body through the hand cradle, through the meridians of the hand. Or it could be on the foot, or it could be on the body. Like if you have a young child you could do it on the body if their hand is not big enough. Or they can use two hands on it just to make contact with all of those electrodes.</p><p><br/></p><p>They speak about the topic. The frequencies that are most stressed, the high energy frequencies, are going to be fed back to the body through the meridians. So it's going directly to the cells, not through the consciousness, not through the ears, and hearing and thinking and deciding. Not thinking about it, but we're going direct to the cells with the frequencies associated with that stress pattern that you were just talking about.</p><p><br/></p><p>But now, instead of talking about it and thinking you can still be thinking about it, but you're also listening to soothing, relaxing music. So you're being put into a relaxed state. The cells are getting the same frequencies of the stress and the message they're getting is, oh, this is a relaxed state.</p><p><br/></p><p>This is associated now with a relaxed state, I guess that stress from the previous generation or whenever is not happening. It's okay. We're changing the meaning at a cellular level. So when they get those stress frequencies that used to be stress associated, it's now. Okay. We survived that. We're not dying.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh. We don't have to worry and react and let calcium into the cell and turn on the stress mechanisms. We can stick with magnesium. It's good. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's fascinating.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Wounding and trauma. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, okay. Awesome. I'm looking forward to it. Thank you, Dr.</p><p><br/></p><p>Glen. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. You bet. </p><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Glen, you mentioned that you also do the scan for the family members. Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p>So it's not only that individual. The family scan also is important.</p><p><br/></p><p>You're not scanning those family members, so it doesn't matter if they're alive, they're with you. No, you're not. They're not involved physically. It's that you're speaking about them. And people will always say, " but I never met my grandfather on that side."</p><p><br/></p><p>" I don't even know his name." It doesn't matter. You speak about that grandfather. Whatever you do know about them, or if you don't know anything, you just can repeat, " my mother's father. I'm thinking about my mother's father. I don't know anything about him. I don't know his name." You're processing that person, that connection to that person, which even though you don't know what they look like, their name, what they might have suffered from.</p><p><br/></p><p>You get the healing of the genes that are connected to them. How is that possible? The same way it's possible when they do remote healing research that you have just a photograph of a person and you don't know their name. You don't know their contact information. You don't know what they're suffering from or where they live.</p><p><br/></p><p>But because you are sending them healing intent, they heal better. Where's the connection between a photograph?</p><p><br/></p><p>40 years ago we would hear people say, doing radionics remote healing, you need to have a Polaroid photo because then the actual photons of light are absorbed in the film. You have that physical effect of the photons from the person.</p><p><br/></p><p>Any photo will work. Where's the connection? It has to be through consciousness. It has to be through the non-local, through the spiritual realm that's transcendent of space and time. And material connection.</p><p><br/></p><p>Doesn't matter where they are. How far away they are. What they're suffering. You don't have any information other than the photo.</p><p><br/></p><p>With the studies on water, and you tape a word onto water, and then you look at how it crystallizes, and the water is getting that message.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's human consciousness involved in the word, too. And thinking about that water.</p><p><br/></p><p>In quantum physics, they call it the observer effect, the collapse of the wave function. For an electron to become localized, quantized here in this spot, takes observation, but the observation can be from a distance, through the internet, can be across time, that it's observed later.</p><p><br/></p><p>You record it and you observe later, and that affects it. So it's non-local. It's a big part of why we went through the first three weeks to really soak that in, that who we are is not just this body. It's not just this mind present here now. That there is a spirit that's real, that's material as well as supporting conscious and body intelligence and that mind and spirit are not just here now, but they are present across space and time.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're trans dimensional. You're a universal being. Your spirit is immortal. Your soul is developing through this life and that creation cannot be destroyed the soul can't be cut in half. The picture in one of the, presentations... the leaf, yeah. You cut the piece of the leaf off.</p><p><br/></p><p>The leaf. Yeah. The Kirlian photo shows the energy pattern, the field of the whole leaf, because that's the spirit that's still there. And it's a oneness. It's quantized. You're a quantum. You are quantized as an individual at conception at one cell. And now if you have 30 trillion cells, that's still a oneness.</p><p><br/></p><p>You're still one. Padre po we talked about that he bilocated </p><p><br/></p><p>yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>He was famous for bilocating. From his perspective, he wasn't in two places. He was a oneness, but people experienced him manifesting visually and verbally in another place, another continent. That's our potential. I pointed out in spirit, we have as much energy in the consciousness field, not talking about the matter of the spirit minerals that have mass, but the non mass part that's manifesting the field that you see and hear and can heal with your prayers and intention.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's as much energy in that as six Hiroshima bombs released. The six Hiroshima bombs destructive energy is limited in time and space. It's tiny. That's one sixth of a human spirit energy potential that's limited to one place, one time and destruction. It's always limited how much destruction it can cause because it can only destroy what's already created.</p><p><br/></p><p>Whereas you have a creative power to manifest, to create. What you create... the essence of that can't be killed, can't die. So it's infinite. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Infinite in extent. You're infinite in extent of your spirit body, being a universal field. In physics they call a probability field. I call a potential field, because from the source, we are fractal sources, we're co-creating, manifesting, choosing our future. We're navigating that potential field of where do I want to go? How do I want to be? Who do I want to be in the future? How am I going to get there? How do I heal this?</p><p><br/></p><p>So the possibilities? We can't ever know the limits of our potential. We can only explore and find and discover and say, " oh, wow. Yeah look what's possible." So when textbooks, no matter how many millions of copies there are, and how many millions of people have been trained to believe it.</p><p><br/></p><p>When a textbook claims to be science and it says "This is impossible." What else do they say is impossible? It's impossible that we could have an immortal soul. No, we don't believe that. Okay, so you're a zombie. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's crazy. Mm-hmm. To me, that's spiritual blindness.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the blind leading the blind. Yes. We have doctors treating people going blind who are spiritually blind to the possibility of healing. Their textbooks, and their professors, and all their colleagues agree. It's consensus. Does that make it true? Consensus is, " it's irreversible."</p><p><br/></p><p>There's nothing I'm going to do about that, because I don't believe there's anything I can do about that. So I'm never going to find out that if I did, maybe find something that works. If I were listening to people who are saying, " what about homeopathy? What about herbs? What about pulsed electromagnetic field therapy? What about microcurrent? What about soft lasers?"</p><p><br/></p><p>There's getting to be more openness. Historically, the way the practice of medicine has changed, has radically transformed, has been that the people, the public, become aware of a change that's needed, and they demand it.</p><p><br/></p><p>When their customers all start walking away saying, " no, i'm not going to have my baby in the hospital. Too many moms and babies die there." This was the case in the 18 hundreds when Semmelweis came up with a new idea that maybe there's somehow that we're transferring disease to the mom and the baby when she's giving birth, because we've just dissected a cadaver in another room, and we don't wash our hands.</p><p><br/></p><p>The doctors were trained to believe that they were trained to heal and therefore their hands could not cause disease. It's a faith belief. It's actually a very positive belief in a way. But it leads to also blindness to see, oh, well maybe if we just wash our hands, like Semmelweis is suggesting, we'll have a lower death rate. Wouldn't that be nice?</p><p><br/></p><p>But the doctors could not change. It took a generation of new doctors and a generation of public saying, we're not going to the hospital anymore. Not for that. If I'm dying, take me there. That's fine. They know how to deal with that, but not birthing. The people demanded home births and they demanded that their physicians wash their hands.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so a young generation of physicians said, ah, I have no problem with that. That's what the people want. Great. I'll serve them where they want and how they want.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Healing Stories and Client Testimonials</p><p><br/></p><p>It's beautiful to know about this transgenerational healing. And, it was so moving for me to hear about the skin, the daughter and the mother. And my father also has been having this eye condition, yeah. So, I mean, the fact that it is possible is liberating enough to begin with, that such things happen.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Just </p><p><br/></p><p>that thought, to hear you about this is healing. It feels so much healing. </p><p><br/></p><p>Placebo Effect and Self-Healing</p><p><br/></p><p>You think about the power of our thoughts for healing, or for stress. It's called placebo effect, which doesn't make it any less powerful just because there's lots of people who think, "oh yeah, that's nothing."</p><p><br/></p><p>There's nothing more powerful for healing than the placebo effect. And there's the equally powerful nocebo effect of the harm that we do to ourselves with a thought that there's going to be harm done to us.</p><p><br/></p><p>So I say never have surgery with a surgeon that you don't like and trust. That's a bad idea. Hopefully they're a good surgeon, they do a great job, but now you're doing additional damage by expecting harm.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes. </p><p><br/></p><p>So powerful. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>We need that balance of seeing the mind and spirit that's so powerful, and equally powerful to the material and energetic reality of what science can more easily understand. You can measure, you can grab a hold of it.</p><p><br/></p><p>We can't really easily measure and grab a hold of the mind and spirit. We need both. We need them to work together to achieve the maximum potential.</p><p><br/></p><p>True. Yeah. And I think a video on these stories that you have would be really, really wonderful for people to see whenever it happens. </p><p><br/></p><p>Found a new platform for collecting your stories and people's client stories.</p><p><br/></p><p>My stories of what I've experienced it's more powerful ultimately than just the knowledge. Here's the knowledge. That's helpful. It is like having a map. Oh, I have a map. I'm going there. I have a map. That is great. That's a great tool.</p><p><br/></p><p>But if you tell me a story about your journey there and your experience there, it's like, wow. Now becomes real in my inner life. I can visualize it. I can feel it. I can imagine it. Now I want to go there. Right? Or I don't want to go there. Or I have learned something from you sharing how it was for you going there. So, testimonials, feedback. I encourage you all to please help me and help us by using this platform when you're working with a client or a friend and helping guide them through the process.</p><p><br/></p><p>Encourage them to do that. It's the most powerful way we can change people's minds and ideas.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then up somewhere on that level, if we can make movies, if we can create experiences. What is a movie? It's telling a story. It's creating experience of that map.</p><p><br/></p><p>We have a map that's different than what's being taught at the highest levels in academia. That's a map that leads us to different places than they can even imagine or believe is possible. And yet we're proving that it's real. It's like opening a portal to a whole new realm of potential.</p><p><br/></p><p>Creating those kind of stories, even if it's a fiction story, or based on a true story, and we make a fiction representation of it. Very powerful. When people see a movie, science fiction, or a movie about a true event... that's brings meaning.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the relationship in the heart, the meaning to ourselves, that is the most motivating, rather than, " oh, You better do this or else." That's not actually healing. The thing you're trying to force a person into might be healing, but the force itself is not. When did somebody heal because they were in fear, or worry? No, it doesn't help.</p><p><br/></p><p>So we try to clear those stress patterns with things like coaching. Just talking about your condition and how that plays out with what kind of healing tools you want to use and why. And just having a map of where you are and where you can go. And now being able to self-regulate.</p><p><br/></p><p>Self-healing is self-regulation. We're turning on functions rather than shutting off the ones that don't feel good right now. It's always function that heals the dysfunction. Right? If I've lost some vision, how am I going to turn that on? With circulation, immunity, nerve function digestion, absorption of nutrients, detoxification, yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p>Everything is important. </p><p><br/></p><p>Vision and Heart: Central to Healing</p><p><br/></p><p>Especially for eyes and heart, the two systems in the body that are so highly energetic that they are directly linked electrically to every other part of the body. Every circuit, every meridian connects to the eyes and the heart. When our body was very, very small, when it was tiny, the first things you could see, we had a little tail at that time, but you could see two dark spots. Those are going to be the eyes. And one beating heart at the same time. They're so central to life.</p><p><br/></p><p>How much of our experience in life is vision? How important is the heart? It's not just a pump. It's where we create meaning. It's the relationship. We see lots of things that we don't even see. They're visible. They're in our field, but we're not attending to them.</p><p><br/></p><p>They don't have meaning. The meaningfulness, how we attend, how we center on that and identify what it is and what it means to us. That happens in the heart, not in the brain. So the mind is not limited to the brain. The mind is in the whole body, and our vision is part of our mind. It's actually universal mind.</p><p><br/></p><p>You can focus it, like we focus our eyes. We have a fovea, a macula, a center. We center our eyes on the thing we're thinking about to identify it, to see what it means to us. We create the meaning. We can focus our mind on a person who's not in our field, who's not present, who's thousands of miles away. Like Mona, when I'm testing you, I'm thinking about you.</p><p><br/></p><p>You are central in my mind. And I'm feeling, " What is Mona's body doing energetically? What are the stresses? Where's the stress coming from? What matches that? And brings that into a state of calm and coherence where it's like, thank you. That's what I need. I have that now. I can heal fast and easy and well and smooth sailing for a while." For a month or so, typically.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then. " Oh, it's done. I did it. I've been trying to heal that for years. Thank you. Now I don't need that same nutrient anymore, that same phytonutrient, the same support, that particular function." It's now something else. We're digging down in the archeology of it, and it's just so fascinating to see.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's almost always changes. Every once in a while I've seen a pattern that'll repeat multiple times. The most was five out of six months with a teenage boy. The same one remedy, same homeopathic complex for detoxifying petrochemicals. I'm like, " oh, that's really weird." And talking to the parents and the boy and grandparents, nobody had a clue.</p><p><br/></p><p>Like, he loved sniffing gasoline smell as a kid... well, that would make sense. It wasn't. Finally, I just kept asking every time it would come up. This is unusual. There's something there. I don't know what it is. Asking about all the things I could think of.</p><p><br/></p><p>Finally, they came to me and said, " could it be erasers?" Erasers? What do you mean? They said, "well, when he was a baby, he loved erasers. I mean, he not just loved erasers, he loved to eat erasers." And I thought, huh? Erasers. I think they used to make it from a rubber tree, but I'm sure it's made from petrochemicals now. So yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p>They shared the story about the grandmother, knowing how much he loved erasers, took him shopping, bought this giant eraser, and on the way home he was able to get it out of the shopping bag and ate half of it. And ate the other half pretty quick after that. So I thought, well, that sure fits.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I have an idea of maybe why he did that. You know how animals will eat grass, eat some indigestible fiber when they have parasites to try to push them through? I think he probably had a parasite and that was the thing he had access to, and then it had this toxic side effect that he's now clearing.</p><p><br/></p><p>But usually it changes more quickly than that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm.</p><p><br/></p><p>The other one I've shared with you is a woman who had glaucoma and cataracts. She had a reaction to a glaucoma surgery that inflamed both eyes, even though they only damaged one eye, but it triggered the immune system to say, " there's toxins in there, you have to dissolve them and get them out." So both eyes react.</p><p><br/></p><p>That can make you go blind in both eyes, even with surgery on one eye. And so she needed to stay out of surgery. We kept her vision good for years. And then at one point I was testing her and her husband every month and it kept showing for her electromagnetic stress and not for her husband. They sleep in the same bed. They're both retired. They do the same things together. I don't know. I decided I have to visit their house with a gauss meter to measure the fields and found her side of the bed there was enough of a field to be a stress. And she's sleeping there eight hours every night.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's enough to show up. Her body's saying, eh, this is a challenge. This is a problem. This is a stress. And it was coming from below the floor. It was their water pipe. Their house was properly grounded, but almost surely the neighbors have their electrical system grounded to their water pipe, and there's a short in their electrical circuit.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's putting this energy field out to the neighbors and they said, "well, we can't talk to neighbors about it. It's just not how we do things here in this little town. It wouldn't be acceptable." They figured out to take out a section of the pipe and replace it with PVC and that solved the problem.</p><p><br/></p><p>But then she called me and was really happy that she didn't have to have antibiotics when she goes to the dentist for a cleaning. I said, " why is that?" Oh, because I don't have a mitral valve prolapse anymore. Her Harvard trained cardiologist told her, "if I hadn't been your doctor for 30 years, I would've said without any question that you were misdiagnosed, because this does not heal. It's irreversible. But I was your doctor. I know. I heard your heart." So it healed. So she doesn't have to have antibiotics for. Dental work. </p><p><br/></p><p>Wow. </p><p><br/></p><p>We weren't trying to heal her heart, but we were trying to put her whole body in a state of coherence where it can heal itself efficiently. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>So it must have been a few years.</p><p><br/></p><p>Essentially, something that's been there for 30 years takes like 30 months to show up as "oh, that healed." Yeah. Oh yeah. That's, oh, okay. We're doing the archeology, we're digging down. Again, we don't have to wait for however many months we've been alive for years before we take on the transgenerational, because it's not so material. It's more of an energetic pattern.</p><p><br/></p><p>We can go straight to that. The body has its energetics. This mind and spirit has their energetics and it's one energetic field. So it's a combination of those two. </p><p><br/></p><p>Great.</p><p><br/></p><p>Final Thoughts and Farewell</p><p><br/></p><p>Thank you all for </p><p><br/></p><p>Beautiful. Thank you.  </p><p><br/></p><p>This is a great introduction. Thank you, Dr. Glen. </p><p><br/></p><p>Awesome. There'll be more. We're not done yet. </p><p><br/></p><p>That was great to learn.</p><p><br/></p>