---
title: "Navigating Terrain Discussion 1A - 2/25/26"
access: member
downloads: []
---
<h1>Navigating Terrain Discussion 1A - 2/25/26</h1><p><br/></p><p><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://rumble.com/embed/v74b94q/?pub=5q5b3" width="640"></iframe></span><br/></p><p><br/></p><h1>Navigating Terrain Discussion 1A - 2/25/26</h1><p><br/></p><h2>Matrix Stress Hormone Toxins</h2><p><br/></p><p>So when we're balanced, stress is what  throws us off balance.</p><p><br/></p><p> Remember that half of the toxins deposited  in our connective tissue are the metabolites of stress hormones  and stress neurotransmitters. Every cell lives in  the matrix. The connective tissue matrix. And generally  the general structure of that matrix has three things, some  at some distance from the cell.</p><p><br/></p><p> You've got circulation, right? You've got your capillary bed that's furthest  physiologically from the lens of the eye. It's the densest protein. Far from the collagen, the  tissue of the joints, the cartilage of the joints that has no direct circulation. So circulation is way out here.</p><p><br/></p><p>It has also lymph  circulation, which are  open-ended lymph vessels, where the extracellular fluid can get into  the lymph, and  into the venous blood, and  get filtered by the kidneys and liver. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p> And also nerve endings.  So it'll have that  regulation. And some  muscles will have also voluntary control the  of the nervous system  for muscle activation. So it has nerves.  So the autonomic,  you get the stress response.  If there's a lot of stress response  and not enough time to rest, and digest, and relax, and cleanse, and repair,  then you're going to have a buildup of the metabolic waste  from those communication molecules not only the nerve,  but from the circulation, from the blood vessel. You have  hormones that are coming in, too. So again, if it's stress,  you're getting stress hormones, you're getting stress, neurotransmitters,  and no break. They build up.  It's half of the toxins in that connective tissue.  That's a huge factor,  which is why  it's good to relax,  good to take a break, good to sleep,  good not to stay up late.</p><p><br/></p><p> It's good  to have good thoughts.  It's good to  choose good things that are  helpful for the body.  All the good choices make all  the difference. So  if it builds up the toxicity, and it's not getting out, that's when it deposits.  </p><p><br/></p><p> We can't get rid of it. It deposits.  It penetrates into the cells. Take glaucoma. It's age related.  You can be born with glaucoma. It's a different type, but  most glaucoma is  highly correlated with age. And  what is it that builds up inside the cells?  Well, it's a neurotransmitter,   a stress related excitatory neurotransmitter.</p><p><br/></p><p> And that causes degeneration. So then we reverse it on the more pastel color page  instead of the intense colors. Was that good? </p><p><br/></p><p> Yeah, that was amazing. Thank you. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Energy, Water, Misfolding</h2><p><br/></p><p>So we energize.  How are we going to get  something to move when it's deposited  in the cell? </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p> Or in the connective tissue, something's deposited.</p><p><br/></p><p>Think of it. It's crystallized. Say  misfolded proteins in Alzheimer's.  A healthy protein  is surrounded by structured water,  which is energy.  And it's keeping the protein in its proper shape  and it's giving the protein energy if it needs it. If it's an enzyme,  it's providing quantum energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>It is  a store of energy. It's a battery. That water is.  what if it's dehydrated  and doesn't have energy? It doesn't have water and doesn't have energy.  The protein's going to misfold.  It doesn't have that bulky parka, keeping it warm  if we were up in Alaska, keeping it from  getting all twisted and  tangled up in itself.</p><p><br/></p><p>So  what does it take to  take a crystal  deposit of a toxin,  and dissolve it, and maybe break it down somehow, or at least ionize it, and  dissolve it, and move it?  That all takes energy.  Here it is. It's a rock.  What does it take to  move that rock, to break it down, to dissolve it?  It all takes energy.  Matter doesn't move without energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>So  that's the first thing. When we have lack of energy in a  cell, or in a tissue, or in a body,  it needs energy. So  knowing that we can supply that energy with  red and infrared light.  And with ultraviolet,  it's very helpful to know  the violet doesn't penetrate very far  and we have to be careful.</p><p><br/></p><p>We don't want to do that  in the eye. It's ionizing. It can cause more  oxidation, more damage, except  a tiny bit of violet, ultraviolet could be therapeutic.   Getting out in the sunlight, but not overdoing it,  getting outdoors once in a while.  For example, a study on cataract in farmers in Italy,  they found the farmers  as far as different occupations, farmers had fewer cataracts,  but  they're in ultraviolet light all the time. Maybe they're wearing a hat.  Probably not wearing sunglasses.  That's a modern thing.  But they're eating  their own organic produce. It's fresh.</p><p><br/></p><p>And then the  study on ultraviolet in  Australia, they looked at sun bathers, who either ate butter or margarine. The ones who ate margarine  got 700% more skin cancer.  So it's not only the light itself.  It's not just the energy. It's also the matter that's absorbing.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Light Sensitivity Lead Story</h2><p><br/></p><p>If it's toxins absorbing,  if somebody's heavy metal toxic and they go out in the sun,  they can't handle the light. It hurts. It's, oh, photophobia.  My eyes hurt when I go on the light.</p><p><br/></p><p>I need dark.  Person with a migraine.  Heavy metals are moving.  They can't handle the light. Turn it off. It's  too bright. It hurts. I had  40 years ago plus  a young boy. He was  seven  when I saw him. He was  the most extreme light sensitivity I've ever seen. Severe photophobia.</p><p><br/></p><p> They had to keep the shades closed in the house all the time.  To go outside, he had to totally cover his eyes.  It's a very interesting boy, very intelligent.  He read the newspaper every day.  He had been doing that since age three. And at that time  they still used lead in the ink printing newspapers.</p><p><br/></p><p>And  the skin of a young child is moist  and thin and highly absorptive. He was  off the chart with lead toxicity. So we compromised.  He didn't stop reading newspaper. He wore cotton gloves to hold the newspaper and supported  detoxification. And it started to improve.</p><p><br/></p><p>Why? Because the lead was in his system.  It was ongoing exposure. So it was in the blood.  It'll stay in the blood for about six months, and then whatever's not excreted is stored,  but it's there.  Yeah. So the light,  when it's absorbed  by a lead atom   is going to ionize more.  If it's not ionized, it makes it more energetic, more able to interact  in chemical reaction with the body's other chemistry.  So it makes it more toxic.   a  Nobel Prize winner quote was that  every vitamin, mineral, enzyme, and hormone is selectively sensitive to specific  frequencies of light,  and they change their function by activity by 500%. So  they're turned on and off. Of course they are.  </p><p><br/></p><p>How do we identify in the lab? We see they have a unique fingerprint  of their resonance, their absorption frequencies, their emission frequencies  in the electromagnetic spectrum.  So light is how the body communicates. It's why  when we bring a substance,  a sample of a remedy, or a stress substance  within the body field, within that radiant field  where we see the Kirlian  photograph affecting the film, how the  electrons move through the film, and  expose the film, within that one centimeter.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's a radiant photonic light energy field there  that's going to communicate, that's going to resonate, and  the entire body will respond energetically to that light signal.  That's the fundamental basis of what we do. We're looking at how is the body  responding to its energetic environment, to the frequencies, what's the stress, and what's  a resolution for that stress?</p><p><br/></p><p> What's a balancing therapy?  When we supply the balancing remedies, people progress   in their own path, but  ultimately from phase one to phase five.</p><p><br/></p><p> You're talking about how the body is responding  to the surrounding energy.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Body Makes UV Light</h2><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Glen Ultraviolet  light, how else  do we get that, other than from the sun? What other tools  do we have? </p><p><br/></p><p> Our body communicates with it internally.  We generate it. Our DNA,  our mitochondria are  communicating through the  microtubules and the connective tissue.</p><p><br/></p><p> They're communicating with cells thousands of cells away when  they're able to. And when that's blocked,  that's when I say it's a blind cell.  It's a cancer cell. It's degenerating.  It can't tell where it's  body. It doesn't look the right cell anymore.  It's also not getting oxygen.</p><p><br/></p><p>Everything's breaking down. </p><p><br/></p><p> It's communicating with the sun, the ultraviolet ray of the sun. </p><p><br/></p><p> No, with its own ultraviolet ray. It's creating,  beyond what the sun makes, which is ultraviolet. </p><p><br/></p><p> Yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p> The cells are making laser light that's blue and ultraviolet.</p><p><br/></p><p>It is?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, from where?</p><p><br/></p><p> It's a good question.  what I think is  it has to do with the DNA.  If you look at DNA it's violet in color. The violet  blood cells. Why white blood? They call  white blood cells in modern  parlance and scientific parlance,  white blood cells,  they're pretty much clear.</p><p><br/></p><p> And you can see the nucleus, you can see the DNA,  and it's violet in color.  It has a resonance  in that frequency.  What else has DNA? The  mitochondria have DNA,  so they're also violet resonance. And the  mitochondria live on the microtubules, which are what  move the DNA. When the cell makes a new cell, they organize  through a centriole, a center  eye  in the cell.</p><p><br/></p><p>All the  microtubules are connected to it.  They express the intelligence. We're going to put  these copies over here, and these copies over here, and make a new cell. And then they move.  So they're movement. They're  the muscles of the cell, but they're also  the nerves, the intelligence of the cell.</p><p><br/></p><p>So the motor and the navigation.</p><p><br/></p><p>Did not know that. </p><p><br/></p><p> The heart is for the body as a whole. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh  yeah. How it has its own electrical pulse system.  It's its own mechanism. Thank you.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I know  we're healing ourselves.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh yeah. I'm  your guide, your interpreter, you mentor.  Yeah. But you're doing the work, you're doing the implementation, the day-to-day.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yep.  It's your will that makes it happen. </p><p><br/></p><p> Yeah. And, okay, that's perfect segue. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Mind Energy Matter Hierarchy</h2><p><br/></p><p>I want to know,  are the five phases that we're consciously  or intentionally working on?   Are we working on the energetic field  of that pyramid?  As we move from phases one to   five are we  working on the  energetic field consciously, which is,  influencing the mind and matter?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yes.  Each one influences  all the others, too.  There's a hierarchy to it. Yeah.  The mind in a way is  the highest, the most in charge. the least  scrutable, the least detectable,  and identifiable.  It's also the greatest.</p><p><br/></p><p> It's trans dimensional. It  penetrates into the past and the future as well as all space  and beyond. If there's a beyond, it's there. We can think of, oh,   beyond space and time. Is that the next life?  Yeah, it's a different dimension.  Okay. I can see that,  and yet it's here...  and it's beyond.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's more.  We can think of things that are not  concrete and limited in space and time the way that the body seems to be.  The mind affects the body. The body affects the mind. The energy is  the mediator between those.  If the body energy is off between the liver and the brain, and if the liver's  off energetically, the brain isn't working perfectly either.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's true. </p><p><br/></p><p> Liver yang rising in oriental medicine,  the energy affects the matter. The matter affects the energy. </p><p><br/></p><p>But  what are the remedies, the essences, the infoceuticals?  Are they touching upon  each one of those?</p><p><br/></p><p> Yeah. To me, the well-conceived remedy has  a relationship to all of those,  because there is nothing that's separate.  The matter isn't separate from consciousness. It's held in existence  by divine consciousness.  And we hold it in our consciousness and how we hold it affects it. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p> why the EVOX is so powerful.</p><p><br/></p><p>We change  a memory, and a thought, and experience, and a  relationship to some past  trauma, or even something that happened to an ancestor.  And now it's changing the meaning  of the frequencies in the environment of a cell,  where that cell can do something  profound. It can transform its function,  transform the meaning of that situation.</p><p><br/></p><p> When we transform our understanding of  the situation we're in,  we act differently  and get a different result.</p><p><br/></p><p> Yeah. Thank you for that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p> I was trying to pigeonhole it.</p><p><br/></p><p> It's great to do both. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p> When we're making an outline, we're going to  lay things out and say, this is for this, and this is for that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p> We do want to pigeonhole it. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p> But at the same time, realize, </p><p><br/></p><p>right, </p><p><br/></p><p> it's not limiting it to that hole.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's  oh, we're going to put this round peg in this round hole and say, oh, I put water on this.  It's an illustration. I'm saying. Yeah.  But at the same time, all  are working on the terrain,  each in its own way.</p><p><br/></p><p>The  red and infrared  is a phase two  stimulus. So is the water.  The mat is  energizing, it's rejuvenating. So that's a phase two. So I could put  all those in phase two.  And so the microcurrent is also  energizing if the energy's low and it's rejuvenating,   but it also works on  reducing inflammation.</p><p><br/></p><p>If there's allergy or inflammation, or  toxicity, it's lowering that inflammatory response. So it works  on all the terrains.  The phase two water  works on all the terrains because  we don't have too much living water.  Even when there's too much energy, that too much energy is ionic.  The living water's not,  It's ionic in a sense,  but the structured water  has a negative charge that's more powerful as you get  more of it in one volume.  And that increases the frequency, the  quantum energy, the light frequency that has available  to give to any enzyme that's in contact with it. But it's never imbalancing.   imagine if we had an infinite  amount of energy available  in storage, in a battery,  and we just use whatever little bit we need.  We'll just be used instantaneously, boom, boom, boom.</p><p><br/></p><p>But it's not a battery that blows up or degrades.  It's the perfect battery because  the extra electrons in it are coherent.  They become  a unified field. The spirit energy  is a unified field,  and they have an affinity for each other.  So we're just making more space  for the consciousness in the body.</p><p><br/></p><p>Subconscious intelligence.  Oh, to have breathing room. It's  I have energy. If I have energy,  do I need food? No.  If I have energy,  do I need oxygen? No. What do I need?  Don't need anything.  I am that I am. I exist.  Is my consciousness free? Yes. It has  energy. The body has all it needs. They have no care. Yeah.  We're not there.</p><p><br/></p><p> It's not a place I expect us to be in. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Structured Water Ions Limits</h2><p><br/></p><p>This dimension  is probably what we experience in another dimension, but  the energy that's excess in phase four for  the allergy reaction  or the toxin reaction can be  as simple as  it's high in protons, high in electrons,  high in total ions.</p><p><br/></p><p> What the exact ratio is  determines where you are in that quadrant.  But it's too much  of the electrical energy of ions.  We could say too much  of the plasma energy. In terms of states of matter,  it's a high energy plasma  that's got more ions than  we want for balance.  We're  trying to get rid of protons.  If we're metabolizing food, we're creating more  protons than we need. We need to  get them out of the system.  It's an acidic state.</p><p><br/></p><p>If there's  more or less electrons in that  the issue is really the protons and then other ions.   if we have too much, if we're taking too much salt,  that's becomes a problem. We need it  to be diluted to a certain level.  So ions in general,  sodium and chloride,  potassium, magnesium with too many salts,  that's too much energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>We need  get it down to the proper level.</p><p><br/></p><p> But too much structured water,  I don't think it's probably ever  happened. It's probably not possible.  You can't have too much molecular hydrogen.  It's about the only thing that has no LD 50, no lethal dose.  Water has an LD 50.  The only cases where  people have died from  too much water,  not talking about drowning, but drowning in fluid  filling their lungs from their blood because they drank too much water.</p><p><br/></p><p>It has been  people on some party drug  and have it in their mind, oh, oh,  oh, oh, I need to drink more water. I  need to drink as much water as I can.  Their mind is overriding their body's responses.  They're out of their mind.  They're out of a normal state where, if your body  has too much water  and you try to bring  a glass of water to your mouth,  you won't be able to do it.</p><p><br/></p><p>Your   body intelligence will stop you.  So only when  the mind is altered  to where you have this  theory, this idea, rather than this  sensory awareness of the body, state  of the intelligence in the body  and the stupid ideas overriding the intelligence of the body. And they say,  I have to drink more water and drink.</p><p><br/></p><p> it's a rare thing,  but it has happened. Just drinking water, lungs  fill up with water.  You can't urinate it out,  or sweated out fast enough, and drown.  So even water,  bulk water, we can have too much.  Electrolytes. We can have too much. It can be too salty or too dilute.</p><p><br/></p><p>In other words, we need certain range, certain terrain  in terms of  the plasma of the body,  the cytoplasm and the  plasma of the blood. But  on a theoretical basis,  what would even happen  if the living water  were to increase on every cell membrane.</p><p><br/></p><p> what happens in the blood is the red blood cells, instead of  clumping together, they call  📍 rouleaux in  live blood cell analysis, where they're  a stack of red blood cells all stuck together, clumping. That's when you get  high blood pressure.  They begin to separate. There's this negative charge  on the cell membrane and they repel each other.</p><p><br/></p><p> If that were to  fill the entire space of the blood, it would  tend to push out  the electrolytes, the sodium, the chloride, right?  So  there'd be  less space for plasma. It would, theoretically get more concentrated  where there are ions.</p><p><br/></p><p>Here's a model for it.  That happens when sea water freezes in the Arctic  and the ocean freezes. The crystal  of frozen water  is pure water.  But within it, there are little vacuoles, little  spaces, little bubbles of hyper saline water where the minerals electrolytes are concentrated.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because when  that structured water forms,  and then it freezes  as it's forming even before it freezes, it's pushing out all of those ions.  So they're becoming concentrated when they're in limited space.  They're becoming concentrated.  And then that's so saline it can't.  There's going to be some water in that.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not just crystals of sodium chloride. It's super strong,  extra salty sea water. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Hypertension, Microbiome, Water</h2><p><br/></p><p>Did I just hear you say drinking  the right amount of that structured water can eliminate hypertension,  high blood pressure? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Really. </p><p><br/></p><p> It could. I'm not saying it will in every case. That's one of the  big things that I would suggest is  water that's more wettable.</p><p><br/></p><p>Another is microbiome, because  you see that all the time.  It takes the stress off  the kidneys to filter the toxins from the colon that are in the blood.  That's the main source. In the tissues  we've got the stress from our stressful thinking, stressful life. But  in the blood, at least half of the toxins are from the colon.</p><p><br/></p><p>The food is not,  hopefully, toxic when we eat it, or in the stomach, or a small intestine. We're breaking it, digesting it.  But by the time it comes out the colon, especially if there's constipation, it's been in there a longer time. The longer it's there,  the more toxic it becomes.  If a person  📍 has diverticulosis,   the amount of toxins in one small diverticulum  is usually a lethal dose  if it were to be absorbed into the bloodstream all at once.</p><p><br/></p><p> So there's definitely toxins that  are absorbed  in the colon.  They have to filter through the liver.  Big stress on the liver. It's trying to clean out.  When it can't, it gets into the systemic circulation. Now the kidneys  get it and they feel it.  Most toxins are acidic.  Most drugs are acidic.</p><p><br/></p><p> Most bad food is acid forming,  right? Sandy wood  would say  the body is  alkaline by design and acid by function.  You can write that down. The blood  has to stay alkaline,  or we're in a coma or dead, a little alkaline.</p><p><br/></p><p>And by function,  when we eat food and  release energy from it,  we produce acid waste, carbon dioxide. Protons. </p><p><br/></p><p> And so the living water is the structured  water. Dr. Glen,</p><p><br/></p><p> the living water is the structured water.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's the phase two characteristics.  The ionized water has those same characteristics  except it's tiny. The  micro clusters of water, about six molecules versus 13 average for normal water. So it's smaller,  but it has the negative electrical charge and the alkalinity of  the structured water.</p><p><br/></p><p> When it gets into the body,  because it's smaller,  it penetrates 10 times better  into the tissues and cells.  If you drink a bunch of water,  your blood pressure could go up temporarily because of the volume. And your kidneys now have to  work to filter that out.  </p><p><br/></p><p>There's another interesting thing with sodium how our foods in America are marked, how much sodium, demonizing sodium.  We need sodium to make energy.  We don't have enough sodium, you pass out.  Have no energy.  So we need the sodium.  It's the chloride that,  in sodium chloride in table salt that makes  blood pressure rise. The Japanese prove that with  Chitosan fiber,  which binds chloride,  but allows sodium to be absorbed.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you have Chitosan  with a meal with salt  and you tend to have high blood pressure after the meal, you won't have it.</p><p><br/></p><p>So  they're saying  sodium, putting that in our consciousness. Sodium bad.  What does salary mean?  Salary means salt. Roman legions  were paid in wheat and salt.  They could keep marching if they had wheat, and salt, and some water.  Well, of course the wheat wasn't hybridized, GMO and  covered with glyphosate and  grown in depleted soils.</p><p><br/></p><p>And, the wheat was nourishment  and the salt wasn't sodium chloride  separated in a factory,  take out all the trace minerals. It was sea salt, it  had all the trace minerals in it,  had spirit minerals in it. It was grown  on the plains of Egypt where  they didn't have dams to stop the  river from flooding and  depositing those minerals every year.</p><p><br/></p><p> And they'll also put manure on the fields. They didn't  keep the cows over here, and have the wheat over there, and  they'd plow the fields with the cows and they'd  leave their manure in the field, instead of  burning fossil fuels. That's  the black goo from  in the darkness.  Been in there for a long time in the dark.</p><p><br/></p><p> Who put it there? And what spirit  is attracted, is put in there.  I don't know what spirits they're releasing, but I wonder.  It's one of my theories, a pet theory. Oh, fossil fuels.  Are we releasing demons? Yeah, I wonder.</p><p><br/></p><p> 80% of our medicines are made from that. Yeah. What demons might that  be putting in our body? I don't know. Maybe there's something.  Thank you </p><p><br/></p><p>So, Dr. Glen, if you would start with someone  who had high blood pressure, you would  improve their microbiome  and get them into the structured water.</p><p><br/></p><p> That would be the first two lines of  therapies that you would do with them? </p><p><br/></p><p> It's the first two things I would  probably think of. Yeah. Yeah. And then,  what I would actually recommend   as far as the microbiome would be based on energetic testing, but I know, Mary  is a nurse and she coaches people with their health.</p><p><br/></p><p>She's  intuitive as well. And  she had a friend who  has been on anti-hypertensive drugs for over 10 years.  They've never worked, still hypertensive. Talking with them  about life, she got the intuition that  his big gut needs that. It's not a big  stretch of the imagination.</p><p><br/></p><p>He's hypertensive and  got a lot of  what doesn't belong in his gut. So  she gives him a bottle and in a couple days his blood pressure is coming down. It's the first thing that's worked. It took me a long time to figure out why, when I'd measure  the kidney meridian and it was stressed,  I'd be looking for remedies,  and I wasn't looking for gut remedies.</p><p><br/></p><p> And I finally find something. We  use microbiome frequently, so it's  a frequent problem solver for  all kinds of things. So  let's try a microbiome. It's balanced. </p><p><br/></p><p> Without the structured water   </p><p><br/></p><p>by itself that would balance the meridian,  the structured water and the  therapies in general.</p><p><br/></p><p>I tend to not  think so much  of the therapies.  It's an investment.  So we tend to think, oh,  what's going to give a quick  response?</p><p><br/></p><p> What can I do that's specific to this person?  I have the means to test and find out  what the stresses are and what  remedies balance that.  When I make  test vials of these therapies,  that will give me  a convenient way I can just  include that in the testing.  Does one of these balance it?</p><p><br/></p><h2>Therapy Packages</h2><p><br/></p><p>We're going to be emphasizing that more in terms of educating people  and putting together a couple of packages.   A really basic package that's not too expensive, that  covers a lot.  If we can do a package that's maybe the whole package is a thousand dollars  but hits these areas of photobiomodulation, microcurrent, PEMF and water.</p><p><br/></p><p>It'll be,  a hydrogen water maker, portable,  some portable things they can  travel with, they can use.  And then if you can do it,  here's the upgrade. And here's the next upgrade. So at least  good, better, best  packages. And of course they can choose individual things, but, do some savings on package incentive.</p><p><br/></p><p> You mentioned in the  energized phase, it would be infrared  and red light therapy. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. </p><p><br/></p><p> In  the rejuvenation phase would be, I guess the living water. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep.  Those are both the same phase. That's phase two. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yes.  And then in the deposition then the toxins phase.</p><p><br/></p><p> What would be the therapy? Would it be microcurrent type of therapy? Is there  phase one would be,  I guess I'm looking for a cookbook.  I'm looking for phase one. I know there's no cookbook, but  for a learner, I need a cookbook.  After that, I'll do a  bit of this and a bit of that.</p><p><br/></p><p> Here's the beauty of this cookbook is that  all of those therapies.  Are therapeutic in all of the phases. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. All right. </p><p><br/></p><p> That's the real beauty of it. </p><p><br/></p><p> Okay. All right. Got it.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Microcurrent Acute Chronic</h2><p><br/></p><p>And the other thing is the microcurrent.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm.</p><p><br/></p><p>  The microcurrent is basically for an acute phase, which you said the harmony  laser would be for acute dental pain. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Great for that. </p><p><br/></p><p>And,   it was a 1 72 hertz, which is a  frequency of nature.  I guess that would be an acute  I've got a lump here because it's inflamed, and  I think it's just inflamed because I'm so stressed. I can't even  take care of my tooth. And then  the chronic pain one would be  the DENAS?</p><p><br/></p><p>The microcurrent I would  do for chronic or acute.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. </p><p><br/></p><p> So either one of those would be done chronic or acute. Microcurrent.  Is microcurrent chronic or acute?  Okay. So </p><p><br/></p><h2>Skin Biofeedback Balancing</h2><p><br/></p><p>Because it's biofeedback,  it will treat either even if one is right next to the other.</p><p><br/></p><p>I have an acute area here, and  📍 the chronic area over here,  the DENAS will adapt  instantaneously to each area.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because it's looking at the resistance of the skin. This is inflamed, this is  low energy. Let's bring this one up. Let's bring this  one down accordingly.</p><p><br/></p><p> It's very intuitive,</p><p><br/></p><h2>DENAS vs miHealth Explained</h2><p><br/></p><p>So what would be the difference between the DENAS and the mi Health?</p><p><br/></p><p>It's very similar.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p> The procedural difference is that  with the, mi Health,  it's directly connected to the voice scan. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p> So it is able to  tune specific frequencies to specific  areas on the body, specific organs, tissues, energetic states.  So in that sense  it's a biofeedback.  You're reading the energy pattern, and then  you're feeding back  the therapeutic frequencies  based on that.</p><p><br/></p><p> And the scans are from the EVOX scans?</p><p><br/></p><p>The  scans would be from the  E four L, the energy for life. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh,  Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p> Yep. Same company.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Microcurrent and PEMF Programs</h2><p><br/></p><p>It's directly connected. The information can transfer automatically into the hand tool.  And then the hand tool does both on body microcurrent  and off body.</p><p><br/></p><p> And it's doing both at the same time.  If you're doing on body, you're doing Microcurrent and PEMF.  If you're doing the PEMF, you don't have to be in contact with the body. And  it's the magnetic field that's creating microcurrents in the body. </p><p><br/></p><p> And the PEMF  is good for all five phases.</p><p><br/></p><p> Balance. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>All the way back to energize </p><p><br/></p><p>everything. But  the new PEMF, the Kloud  has five programs. Yes.  One of those five programs.</p><p><br/></p><p> I did a couple of hours,  looking at all these different things.  There's so many different  equipment.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Kloud Programs and Phases</h2><p><br/></p><p>I'll share my screen  to show you the chart that I have  in Remedy Match.</p><p><br/></p><p>This is the Kloud.  There's the maxi and the mini. They both  will have this information of here's  the program name, relax, balance, energize, synchronize, transform.</p><p><br/></p><p>And the  clinical theory names and the phases. So  relax is cleanse.</p><p><br/></p><p> And balance is balance.  Energize is energized, so two are the same.  Synchronized is rejuvenate  and transform is regenerate.</p><p><br/></p><p>And  the sequence, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.  It's the same order,  but just starting at a different point, which yeah, makes sense.  They start with  the easy ones to get to are  the first ones that people  need when they get out of balance  or maintaining balance.  And then the deeper ones, you have to  click the button a couple more times to get there.</p><p><br/></p><p>Pretty cool.</p><p><br/></p><p> You've beautifully shared how we need to embrace all five elements to nurture our soil body terrain. We need to invite  light, sound, ionized water, air,  good thoughts and space for cells to regenerate. How do we understand signs of virus, bacteria, and fungi in our body?  How does body signal through fever, phlegm, inflammation.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Menopause Terrain Shifts</h2><p><br/></p><p>  does  terrains have anything to do with menopause?  Is there any correlation? </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah,   certainly, there's changes when  hormones are changing. There's changes in symptoms and energy. So  the body is going through,  when the hormones change,  there tends to often be some cleansing that starts.  When the body has more estrogen that's more building up  of the body.</p><p><br/></p><p> When that drops,  now the body is moved more toward catabolic or cleansing. So  I think that's why  some women will have hot flashes. They're cleansing heavy metals, mercury. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Virus Bacteria Fungi Signs</h2><p><br/></p><p>There's definitely  a decrease in energy level  with a decrease in hormones.  As far as signs,  well, virus, the classic thing,  we have viruses herpes that  break out in blisters  that can be very painful.</p><p><br/></p><p> Shingles is a herpes family virus.   or a wart  would be a virus, right?  In a western sense of,  oh, these are all viral conditions.  So there's different kinds of symptoms.  A flu, a cold that's viral.  if there's a fever, it tends to be a low fever.  So it's a low energy state.</p><p><br/></p><p>As far as a virus  being active, being reproduced in the body,  in the lab  it can only be reproduced in depleted cells,  low energy cells,  cells that would have no  structured water, no living water shield on the outside that would repel the virus.  It's repelled from a healthy cell,  phase two and up,  and it's attracted to a low energy cell.</p><p><br/></p><p> And so it attaches to the cell. The cell  brings in the virus, or it uses its own viral DNA, called exosomes, to reproduce, I think to pull  heavy metals out from the DNA where the  doctor who looked at heavier minerals being attracted deeper into the tissues and cells that  this is the way that we can get them out.</p><p><br/></p><p> So I look at the virus as  a route of elimination for heavy metals.  How do we facilitate that  through other channels than the skin that's so painful with shingles. Or  to facilitate it so we don't have periodic outbreaks of  type one, type two, herpes, whatever it might be.  </p><p><br/></p><p>For bacterial, it tends to be a high fever.</p><p><br/></p><p> And of course, if it's on the  surface, you may see redness  and pus, inflammation.  In hospitals that use the  micro water,  the ionized water, when they have  a strong unit,  they use the acid water  as the only topical antibiotic they need  for bacterial infections.  Strep throat, putting in an   another strain of strep that competes  for the food,   and the strep pain and inflammation, the signs and symptoms of  infection of a monoculture go away.  The one that's making the toxins and irritants  causing the inflammation  is not being fed.  So probiotic versus antibiotic for bacterial, the acid water, the  ozonated olive oil, we use a lot for any  problem skin.  If it's an open wound, we don't  put it strongly inside the wound. Hydrogen  peroxide in a wound you could do once to kill bacteria,  but don't keep applying it. It'll prevent the healing process.  But put  the ozonated olive oil around  a wound that's healing to prevent bacterial infection.</p><p><br/></p><p> Certainly put it on a viral problem area. We see  skin cancers go away with consistently using ozonated olive oil on the area  a couple times a day. We just updated the ozonated  olive oil formula that we use to add  black seed oil, which  the traditional saying in the Middle East is  it cures anything but death.</p><p><br/></p><p>It has a good  history of healing,  all kinds of things.  So we get the benefits of  the black seed oil healing.  You don't need a whole lot of it. And the ozonated  olive oil to carry the ozone.   because it's oil, it keeps it  on the skin and helps the ozone to penetrate  into the tissues.</p><p><br/></p><p>The high pH 11.5 pH water will emulsify  the oils that they use to  hold pesticides on the plant, to penetrate it,  to keep it on there.</p><p><br/></p><p>  you could have a ring shape rash. You  can have yellow nails. Fungal infections  can be very itchy,  but so can lead  coming out of the body. Healing  can also be itchy when there's  nerve function returning.</p><p><br/></p><p>So  it could be both,  right? Because  the fungus has a purpose of  helping us to break down the dead waste matter.  And the bacteria has a function of breaking down proteins, the 50% cure rate of  cancer when bacteria get in there. And the fact that all spontaneous remission is associated with bacterial infection and high fever.</p><p><br/></p><p> And parasites.  There've  fairly recent studies with a number of different parasites  showing that they're associated with reduced susceptibility of certain other health conditions. So  when we have these other organisms  in our field,  even when we  were having a problem associated with them.</p><p><br/></p><p>That was  the debate between Pasteur and Béchamp. Béchamp said, it's not  the bacteria, it's not the organism  that's the problem.  The problem is the terrain. It's less  polarizing. It's less stress on us  when we realize, oh, I'm the source of  feeding this problem.  I'm giving it this terrain.  I'm creating this  low energy terrain, or imbalanced terrain, or toxic terrain,  and I can change that.  I can navigate to a different terrain.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Mucus and Immune Signaling</h2><p><br/></p><p>So mucus, </p><p><br/></p><p>mucus.  The mucusless diet was a  big fad. Some folks  don't want any mucus. Why? Because it is annoying. Yeah. But mucus,  what's its function?  Is the function of mucus  to make a protein that's hydrated, that can contain and carry  toxins out of the body?</p><p><br/></p><p>That's what I think.  Now, if mucus is coming out.  From deep in the lungs or somewhere deep  stored in the sinuses  and it's coming out ugly, green, yellow,  deep yellow to greenish, that's  a point where I'd say  there's so much  toxicity coming out in that,  I think I would just get rid of it.  You can spit it out.</p><p><br/></p><p> If it's just a little bit of mucus,  the typical postnasal drip or a little bit coughing up mucus from the lungs,  that's supposed to be beneficial to swallow  because you're now  informing your immune system that lives in your small intestine  about what it is you're dealing with.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Urine, Homeopathy Potencies</h2><p><br/></p><p>Very similar to the biofeedback of urine therapy, which,  I don't recommend  to people often  to drink their own urine.</p><p><br/></p><p> But if it comes up, and I think it  probably should, it should be something that we learn about  and learn how to implement in a  way that's totally  easy to do as far as  ideas and smell and taste and all.  Take a drop of  midstream first morning urine  and dilute it and  make it into a homeopathic.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's no smell, no taste,  but the signal is there. You're actually  enhancing the signaling  to the immune system to say,  here's what I'm  working on cleansing. How can you help with that?</p><p><br/></p><p> The price is right,  anybody can afford it. If they have a bottle, they can  put a drop in,  you can add water, you could add alcohol.  however you feel good about doing it,  if you're concerned, well,  I think I have  urinary tract infection,  okay, so preserve it in alcohol,  put some vodka in it, or whatever you got, and succuss it  a hundred times.</p><p><br/></p><p>Creating vortices,  creating charge separation,  creating a higher energy, structured water.  Now you're going to take a drop of that each morning</p><p><br/></p><p>and then, okay, maybe, you run out,  maybe you're taking more than a drop. Maybe you decide I'm going to try  10, drops a squirt every morning. Okay, I've used up that bottle.  When you use up that bottle, there's still a drop left.  You can fill the bottle up again with water or whatever you choose. And  succuss it another a hundred times.</p><p><br/></p><p> Now you have another frequency,  a higher frequency, another homeopathic potency. If you want to be  strict about it, you could say, well, I'm going to  dilute it 10 to one and get  an X or a D potency, 10 to one dilution or   a c potency, it's a hundred to one dilution.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's potencies  that because they have specific energetic frequencies, they  tend to carry a certain meaning  to that frequency.  The higher frequency,  the more it penetrates into the body. Higher energy, higher frequency. If you have a tincture,  if you just have  a bit of urine and a bit of water and  maybe a 10 to one dilution,  you could say that's  a mother tincture.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's  a one x. It's pretty material substance.  If you go to say, a three x,  that's going to be about a thousand to one dilution.  10 times, 10 times 10,  at that level, it's tends to affect lymph. So that would be maybe on my chart,  the yellow, the lymph  the extra cellular fluid, the circulation.</p><p><br/></p><p> So now maybe you're penetrated from the material body ,  penetrated into the first layer, into the lymph and blood. At about six x, it's penetrating into the extracellular  fluid. So that's the next sanctuary compartment of the body</p><p><br/></p><p>at 12 x  it's resonating with the cell membrane.</p><p><br/></p><p>At about   30  x we're in the cytoplasm  inside the cell. At 60 x  is where we test cell memory, so we're into the DNA.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's coherent. And  a way to think about it.  So  if you're doing a homeopathic and you want to take it  a little deeper in the body, you   📍 can</p><p><br/></p><p>potentize it.  dilution and percussion is  📍 potentization, diluted, and  succussing usually on the hand. But the original was on the Bible or on the hand   📍 with Hahnemann his description.  So you could do it on book,  might as well do it on a good book. Use your favorite.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.  The higher the potency,  the longer the effects last. So  the D or x, the tenfold dilution level three x  they say lasts about three hours,  six x, six hours. So  if you're doing a six x potency, you could probably  take a dose four times a day.  You could take it more, but that's about all you need  to do to have it be active continuously.</p><p><br/></p><p> 12 x at the cell membrane level, that'd be twice a day.  Oh, interesting. Cell membrane is getting  hormonal signals. There's a diurnal day night communication going on there. Oh, that's interesting. Oh, the  cytoplasm 30 x, that's once a day  and 60 x, it's oh, it's remembering it from one day to the next.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, interesting.  Maybe take it every other day, every third day,  couple times a week,  and you can get into higher potencies.  Just take one dose and see how it goes. Let it run for weeks.</p><p><br/></p><p> Again, you can take it more frequently. Sometimes  you do a loading dose,  do it more frequently, initially, and oh, now it's  having an effect, and then you can back off.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Minimum Dose Hormone Support</h2><p><br/></p><p>So  the maximum healing  is often with the minimum dose.  Think of hormone therapy. If you do hormone substitution therapy,  replacement therapy, it's replacing  your body's function.</p><p><br/></p><p> It's not stimulatory, it's  suppressive. If it's a high dose. The body  is responding to it.  Well, there's already an awful lot of that here. I'm not going to make any. Could we get  addicted then? Do we need it? Are we dependent on the drug company to supply the hormone, instead of  stimulating the body to make it? Yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p> At a low dose,  it can be supportive. Let's say your adrenals having a hard time making enough.  And because it's having a hard time making enough,  and those are energizing,  it doesn't have enough energy  to make enough.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's  stuck in a loop of adrenal exhaustion.  And then when we give just a little dose,  not as much as the body should be making,  but a little bit of that,  it helps kickstart. It's oh,  we gave a spark  to the alternator and the car turned over and now it's running.</p><p><br/></p><p> What's a little?</p><p><br/></p><p>A little is  five or 10 milligrams a day.  Above about 10 milligrams a day, whether it's  actual hormone or a precursor that the body's going to make out of it. I'll use  several things. I'll use a precursor  that the body can use to make the hormone.  I'll use a little bit of the active hormone,   the sulfate form is the active form in the body.</p><p><br/></p><p>So use that. It's natural. Here's the  natural thing that the body would be making. </p><p><br/></p><p> And also I'll use a metabolite  DHEA sulfate is the active form and seven keto,  DHEA is a metabolite.  It's still active, but the body  doesn't use it to   make  the other hormones, doesn't make the male or female sex hormones out of it.</p><p><br/></p><p> So it's giving some support. It's not  overstimulating, activating the downstream  hormones. The body starts to make that on its own. It's super gentle,  10 milligrams or less a day, and  that's the most you can do without  generating some dependency,  some reduced function over time. </p><p><br/></p><p> And that's with all of them, progesterone, estrogen, DHEA.</p><p><br/></p><p> That's my understanding.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>This guy's done this  work for years and years, endocrine specialist and  not following the sales pitch of the standard model.  I listen to those folks.</p><p><br/></p><p>My functional doctor,  she wants to put me on hormone replacement therapy. And  she says she's up to   a hundred or something. </p><p><br/></p><p>Probably, yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p> Yeah. And she never felt  greater. She'll never stop it. So  what are we doing? Are we stunting our own bodies from doing what it's supposed to? </p><p><br/></p><p> To some degree.  if  the body is at a stage of  aging and development  where it's going through that hormonal change, which is a natural  thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's not a disease.  I don't think  blood pressures a diseases. The body trying  to cleanse itself or,  if we look at,  viruses and bacteria. They're all  actually part of the cure that is saying,  we're having such a hard time, you can feel it and it's not  having fun, but  you need to help me versus stop.</p><p><br/></p><p>When we  give all that estrogen, now we're tending to build the system back up.  And we feel younger.  That's what it feels like. Well, what about adrenochrome? People who eat babies,  the more adrenal hormones they make and they eat their blood and  their flesh and it makes  people in Hollywood that look  oh my goodness, they look  a teenager even though they're 70.</p><p><br/></p><p>How do they do it?  Oh, that's how they do it. So is that the life  path that we're meant to be living?  I don't think so. What are they avoiding?  They're avoiding cleansing. I want  to age gracefully.  </p><p><br/></p><p>I care more about function.  When I had a frozen shoulder and I could get that back  working and no more pain when I move in the wrong place. And  that was great. And I was with  the BEMER mat and the second shoulder was with the Kloud mat  in just a couple weeks.   It's a personal choice.</p><p><br/></p><p> I don't tell anyone You should not take that drug  that your doctor's recommending.  First of all,  legally, I have no standing  in law to  do that. I'd be practicing medicine without a license.  All I can tell them, and would tell them  if I'm inclined, and I feel they're  open to hearing is, I'd say,  if it were me,  I would do  this.</p><p><br/></p><p>Or I would think of it this way.  I would approach it,  I would want to take,  if maybe there's some,  good medical reason why  raising their estrogen level is going to help them,  heal something, help them function in a way that they're dysfunctional. I'm not here to tell  oh, you should stay dysfunctional.</p><p><br/></p><p> Don't explore that. I say, try to educate about minimum dosage is great.  And if you're going to go off  a lot of therapies adrenal therapies, cortisone,  it's important to  wean off. Work with your doctor on that. That's not my  place in my field. But I'm aware that  there's medications that, well, when I was  trying  📍 seizure Medications, first of all,  they made me worse.  My life experience was worse. I thought I would  commit suicide if I was on them.  I'd never felt that way  before in my life. That's not me. That's the drug. But  if you're on a  anti-seizure medication, well, going off of it can cause seizures.  Well, it's good to know. So if you're going off  it, I'd wean off it gradually, gently  and be aware that  going off it could cause a seizure.</p><p><br/></p><p> It doesn't mean that you're deficient in the drug. It means the drug also causes  the thing that it's treating.  It's not unusual.  That's how homeopathy was discovered. The homeopathic substance is  a substance that treats the disease,  creates the same symptoms as the disease it treats.</p><p><br/></p><p> That was with  China homeopathic, Peruvian bark, treating malaria.  So if you take too much Peruvian bark, it creates malaria symptoms,  same intermittent fevers. Same symptoms.  So Hahnemann said, well, that's interesting.</p><p><br/></p><p> The toxicity of the medicine  creates the symptoms of the disease.  Or mercury was the  treatment for syphilis. They're both  great masqueraders. They both  can cause any  disease appearance, any symptom in the body.  That was the main treatment.  So homeopathic dose is stimulatory. So  the homeopathic way to take any medication, my opinion,  my thought for you,  a gift for you is to wear it.</p><p><br/></p><p> One pill, put it in a medicine  bag around your  neck or in a  Ziploc bag in your pocket.  Have it in your field.  It is non-toxic  and it's giving you the frequencies, which is the bio communication.  And it can work.  Depends on what it is and  on the person, how they respond.</p><p><br/></p><p> But to me that's worth a try. Oh yeah, interesting. </p><p><br/></p><p>So if I were  to start it, I should  consider going off it  once my levels reach the desired levels. </p><p><br/></p><p>I can have an opinion,  but it would just be my opinion.  It's not my role legally to give you  counsel on that.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm.  What I would say,  thinking about it for myself, it's  here's what I think,  not telling you what to do. Got it. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Medication Testing and Titration</h2><p><br/></p><p>I think  if I were thinking of going on  a replacement therapy  thyroid or adrenal or  male hormones,  and I have some good reason to think, oh, there seems to be some good rationale and science behind this that could have this effect.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I think that's worth trying  to, I understand,  could have some negative effects too.  A lot of things can have negative effects.  want to be aware of what that might be, what to look for.  I would consider  accepting the prescription,  filling the prescription. Now I have the substance,  so that means I have the  energy field as well.</p><p><br/></p><p> I might hold it in my hand. I might muscle test it.   I'd say  here's a dose. Okay,  what does my muscles say in response to that? Does it balance any of these stresses that I have right now?  Does it create any other stresses? What balances that?  With medications, I find, not just myself, but other practitioners, too, about 85% of the time,  western medications will show a stress effect  rather than a balancing  effect. They're not increasing coherence. They're  making a new stress.  What I find to  harmonize that, to balance that, almost always is some natural therapy that has  its effect in the same direction, same function.</p><p><br/></p><p> So somehow it's  the entourage effect in herbology, where you have the  one chemical that has the main effect of that herb, but then it has these other compounds  that harmonize it and make it  softer and more balanced and give it context. So  a natural therapy to work along with  whatever the drug is  to give your body a broader  therapeutic support and stimulus  to work with,  rather than it's forcing  this thing on you and you're saying,  no, we're going to do all this  supportive work along with it.</p><p><br/></p><p> And then  minimize the dosage.  I would ask  okay,  these pills I'm getting? Can I break  in half or quarters or eight? Can I  titrate the dosage?  Can I start with a low dose and build it up?  Oh no, these are designed  you can't break these down.</p><p><br/></p><p> Okay, is there a liquid that I can take? Drops  that I can adjust the dosage? Or  what's the lowest dosage you can prescribe? Oh,  well, we start at 20 milligrams. Okay.  Oh, and you can't break that down?  Okay. Well then I know that's a little bit above the range that  would be sustainable without  doing some suppression. And then ask  if I go on it,  can I just go off it at any time and that's fine? If you can't break down the dosage and it's at a minimum dose,  the lowest dose, you can go off that, but if you're taking more, you have to  wean down. We'll have to  adjust your dosage down to get you off  depending on what the hormone is. And it's not my expertise. I know with some things, steroids, the  female hormones are steroids.  They're in that class,  but I don't know specifically  their protocols, but the doctor will know.</p><p><br/></p><p>Thanks for your opinion on that. Yeah, they know  I'm super sensitive and I was hesitant.  So she said, start with 0.1 mil.  So I did. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p> And I think I got some puffiness in my cheek,  so I stopped. </p><p><br/></p><p>Well, again, it is building up tissue rather than cleansing, so that makes sense. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Fasting in Phase One</h2><p><br/></p><p>When we are in phase one, does fasting help?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, great question.  I don't have  a fixed  opinion about that.</p><p><br/></p><p> Phase one still covers a lot of territory.   If somebody's  underweight and they're having trouble  Regaining their weight then we want to  let your digestive tract rest and recover and heal.</p><p><br/></p><p> So it doesn't have to do any work,  but we want to give it all the nutrients that it needs in order to  heal and repair and  produce enzymes. So it doesn't have to make digestive enzymes, but  your whole body can make cellular enzymes. It can make  digestive enzymes. We want to restore  the system with  what we call a protein sparing fast.</p><p><br/></p><p> So you're fasting.   This comes  originally out of food allergy, where you  say, oh, you have reaction to something. I  think there's foods involved. Let's do  a fast for seven or 10 days.  Occasionally even 30 days, where  you're not being exposed to these allergens,  but you're getting all the nutrients.  You're getting complete nutrition,  predigested protein.</p><p><br/></p><p>So it's two and three amino acids  in a peptide chain that can  directly absorbed, directly used by the cells.  So there's no work in it in digestion,  but there's total nutrition, balanced nutrition,  all the vitamins, minerals, amino acids, some fiber, fatty acids across the board.  And that can be just super supportive for  all kinds of healing.</p><p><br/></p><p> Because it's balancing  it's my go-to for fasting. If somebody's committed to some other fasting, I'm supportive,  unless it sounds I don't think I'd do that  if I were you. But  we'll support you in what you  need to do. You have to make  that determination. You're navigating. You're healing yourself.  And if they're doing something that's  out of my range of  comfort or experience, and let me know  what's happening, how are you doing? Yeah.  So phase one, not just  a blanket answer for phase one,  but  just in the last day,  I've been researching,  doing a deep dive on fibers.  Which fiber is going to be the most beneficial for phase one, looking at  low energy versus viral versus  degenerative versus cancer. So  starting to get a good feel on which fibers.</p><p><br/></p><p>So I just,  we just made microbiome today and we switched to a new fiber. That from  all the research is going to optimize, just take it a notch  up as far as effectiveness.  Just the best  prebiotic for the microbiome. And  that's what I'm looking at. How can we make it better?</p><p><br/></p><p> A centuries old adage,  often attributed to Hippocrates,  suggesting that eating  helps a cold  while abstaining from food  fights a fever.</p><p><br/></p><p> Colds and flus  are the body's seasonal cleansing.</p><p><br/></p><p> If we're getting good feedback from our system,  then we can tell what's good.  And if we're not,  if we're out of balance, then we can't always tell what's good.</p><p><br/></p><p> I'm not opposed to  any of the solutions, ideas about fasting, water fasting.</p><p><br/></p><p>I know there's people who are very firm on no.  This is the answer. But anything that's the answer  may be missing. When we think we have the answer, then we're cutting out other possibilities. </p><p><br/></p><p> I'm extra curious about this now   because   you said something about  us getting colds seasonally to  get rid of  some of the things that our bodies need to discharge,  I thought, huh.  When I start to get symptoms  and I turn it around by fasting,  am I missing that opportunity to  clear some things from my system  in the way that you are talking about?</p><p><br/></p><h2>Symptoms as Seasonal Cleansing</h2><p><br/></p><p>I think it's possible.  People who  I see who've  thought they were the healthiest person  they didn't get any cold or fevers for 20 years  and they got cancer.  It doesn't make sense. They thought,  oh, I was healthy. But symptoms take energy.</p><p><br/></p><p> The symptoms aren't  caused by the virus. They're caused by the body's response. The virus is a stimulus. So a virus can't create a fever. It can't by itself  create inflammation or anything else. It's the immune system  that's producing that. And  a fever is a highly energetic response.</p><p><br/></p><p>So   it could be you're able to reduce  the energy down to where your body doesn't have that reaction.  And so it's not  having the cleansing effect  that it would've if it did. My teacher, Dr. Wood  told me this,  1985 or so,   watch out in the future. If they  ever develop a vaccine  for the common cold, you'll see  lots more cancer.  His teaching was the seasonal cleansing,  colds and flus,  fevers in the spring and fall,  is a natural part of our  cycle of immune  maintenance, of cleansing our tissues.</p><p><br/></p><p> if it's a gi flu,  you're cleaning out the gastrointestinal tract.  When your immune system is active and you have inflammation, you're cleaning that tissue.  We've been trained to  think, well, it's just cleaning out the virus.  We're focused on the virus being the problem.  In fact, it's a generalized cleansing of that tissue.</p><p><br/></p><p>If it's  a head cold, it's cleaning out the head.  If it's the respiratory virus, it's cleaning out the lungs, right? Oh,  it's a totally different context. Changes the  entire meaning of  what symptoms mean. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p>So  it also doesn't mean  that if you  not getting the cold, that  people around you are getting that you're sick  or you're getting sick, or you're in worse shape than they are.</p><p><br/></p><p>Some people   might not get the symptoms.  Other people are getting the symptoms.  They're somewhere in this middle zone where they have enough energy to cleanse  and react to it.  And if they're really toxic, it might take a long time  to clean out, or they're  affected more by it.</p><p><br/></p><p>More symptoms.  If they have less energy, maybe less  effects. And if they have  even more energy, maybe there's less effects.   Their body's already cleaner. One person didn't get any COVID reaction. Their body didn't have enough energy to mount symptoms. Another  person didn't get any COVID. They're more  balanced and healthy.  So it came in,  they dealt with it without having to produce the symptoms. '   their system was already pretty clean,  📍 so it's not cut and dried.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's an old Chinese proverb. The guy breaks his leg  and the other person says,  oh, that's too bad  that you broke your leg. And then the war comes and because his  leg is broken, he can't go to war and fight. Oh, you're so lucky you broke your leg. And it goes back and forth  depending on the context.</p><p><br/></p><p> The broken leg is either  a blessing or a curse.  We're used to thinking of symptom problem,  cut and dried. Anything that reduces the symptom. Good.  The reality is  symptom has a purpose,  it also has a stress to it.  Anything we can do to make it decrease is either helping  get the purpose accomplished  faster and easier with better results, or it's stopping  the purpose from happening  as much so we don't feel it as much, and now it's  making us sicker in the long run.  Which is it?</p><p><br/></p><p>That's why  last week talking about symptoms and just  looking at some of the  distinctions we can make to discern that.</p><p><br/></p><p> I was  reading into fasting.  It's a therapy use to cure  some cancers.</p><p><br/></p><p> And let's look at from the biggest perspective.  What do we say spiritually?  prayer and fasting. So using  the mind, using intention, not only intentionally what we do, but intentionally what we choose to not do,  which is fasting.</p><p><br/></p><p>Even when sometimes that in itself  is going to produce symptoms. Ah.  And those symptoms are not a disease. But  what we call a disease,  we're going to talk about next week.  It's a demon that we create ourselves.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Mosquito Homeopathic Remedy</h2><p><br/></p><p>Dr. Glen. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Regarding homeopathy,  is it possible for  me to make a homeopathic preparation  of a mosquito? </p><p><br/></p><p>Sure. If you can get one that  there's some blood,  now you make a homeopathic of that. And you're also getting homo sanguineous therapy. </p><p><br/></p><p>What? </p><p><br/></p><p>Self blood therapy? Yeah.  Your own blood homeopathic treatment. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh. </p><p><br/></p><p> Whatever the information is in the blood, which is a little bit different than what's in the urine.</p><p><br/></p><p> Little harder to get the blood, but if you got a mosquito, that's perfect.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wow.</p><p><br/></p><p> You could zap it with the zapper. That won't,  destroy the information in the blood. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay.</p><p><br/></p><p> Let us know how that goes. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Please, please. </p><p><br/></p><p>I will. Yeah. Oh  this is really cool. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Open Minded Wrap Up</h2><p><br/></p><p>We're here to all learn from each other. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's  what my father told me. you learned  enough to get your license. Doesn't mean everything.</p><p><br/></p><p> If you want to learn the rest, listen  to your patients. </p><p><br/></p><p>Right. </p><p><br/></p><p> I listen to my colleagues, especially the ones who are  outside the box, that  this scientist, this doctor,  they're saying something  different. I didn't learn this in chemistry or  anatomy or physiology.  They've got a different perspective.</p><p><br/></p><p> I want to hear that. I want to hear from the cardiologists who are saying,  I got so fascinated by my patients who died and came back that now I have  a couple thousand cases, and here's the  patterns, and here's what I hear, and here's what I see.</p><p><br/></p><p> that saves me from  even wondering if the conventional scientists have a clue  about anything.  When they say, well,  there's no evidence that there's  a soul. Or,  what are you talking about? Mm-hmm.  Where have you been living?  You have no access to the internet or what?</p><p><br/></p><p>Or you just don't believe  anything unless it's in peer review, which means you  don't believe anything that you don't already believe. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm. </p><p><br/></p><p> You won't rock your boat.  You're paid to teach this one  conventional way of thinking of the world, and nothing else is real. What  a poor existence in terms of consciousness, awareness, thought.</p><p><br/></p><p>"There's more in heaven and earth  than are dreamt of in your philosophy, Horatio," is a famous  line from Shakespeare.</p><p><br/></p><p> Thank you for answering our questions, Dr. Glen, for this interesting conversation. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Thank you. Yep. Love</p><p><br/></p><p>The world says, ah,  can't do that.  Take this drug. Yeah.  And you got the big book that  has all the problems with that drug  and you say, well, if you read that, you wouldn't take any of these.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. We've looked at  that book and we've seen people who've suffered from  those things. And  I do think there's another way.</p><p><br/></p>