---
access: member
downloads: []
title: Spirit Matters Discussion 1A
---

<p><br/></p><h1><span><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lAs63itS91Y?&amp;wmode=opaque" width="640"></iframe></span></h1><h1><br/></h1><p><br/></p><h2>Introduction to Remote Healing Techniques</h2><p><br/></p><p>Does that make sense out of how we work with people at a distance? Okay. And we have some tools to do that. We could do it in person. But the tools for doing it a distance we developed are just as efficient, and in some ways more efficient.</p><p><br/></p><p>No question. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Hi. Okay. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Personal Experiences with Muscle Testing</h2><p><br/></p><p>So I don't utilize a picture or any of the vials. I feel like I get really accurate results. I'll do the testing before I even look at the results from the scan and lines up perfectly.</p><p><br/></p><p>Think if I have the picture or any of the other physical tools I could get even more dialed in? </p><p><br/></p><h2>The Role of Intuition in Healing</h2><p><br/></p><p>I think we each have our own levels of development, of skill and ability. like even, you know, from a young age, my first mentor where I learned electro acupuncture said, if you take children, teenagers, young teenagers, and teach them how to do the Vega tests, the one where you test the whole body through one point, he said about 15% of them can just do it.</p><p><br/></p><p>They have that ability. So we have, some people are more empathic than others for sure. and the empaths might not make as good an engineers, they do a empathic healer and the engineer, it may be one of the 15% of people who can just never get it can't learn to do that because there is. A presence, an intuitive presence that you're allowing not being an engineer's trying to control the world.</p><p><br/></p><p>A physicist is trying to measure and control, subatomic particles. So that's why they can't see they're spiritually blind to another perspective. Not saying better or worse depends on what you're trying to do. So we absolutely all have different gifts and we can develop them. And how nice to have, to be able to have the freedom and to be pointed in different directions and say, huh, I wonder you're saying, I wonder what that would do.</p><p><br/></p><p>Would that be different? </p><p><br/></p><h2>Challenges and Adaptations in Testing Methods</h2><p><br/></p><p>I've used, the electronic measurements that as a person trained in science and, wanting to be seen as a doctor, I'm measuring something, not be rejected as well, that's not possible. They still will have their opinions, but that was totally fit for me to be able to measure.</p><p><br/></p><p>But then through the years learning muscle testing, that I knew I could feel it. And then I realized I still didn't switch to muscle testing, feeling the kinesthetic testing in the presence of, a client until something happened that was all I could do. and that was, I was traveling with my whole kit of vials and electronics, and I was living in Portland, Oregon studying naturopathy and acupuncture.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I had clients come to me in the Berkshire mountains. It was close to Christmas time, and there was this crazy storm, and this woman drove from Cape Cod in seven, eight inches of snow. The biggest, snow flakes I've ever seen. Just coming down heavy.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it was lightning at the same time. It was this insulation layer on the earth and this, electrical insulation of the snow, fresh snow and fluffy snow and lightning hitting all around us. It was an electrical environment where when she sat down after, driving for so many extra hours I couldn't get any measurements. It's like, whether it's Because he drove so long, or I think it was more the electrical, it's like this felt really wired to me too. And I said, it's okay. we can't do this test, but I have another way to test. It's how I test people remotely. And so I went and did the muscle test and I was electromagnetically sensitive myself at that time still, from heavy metals.</p><p><br/></p><p>And it was so much easier to test that way. It broke through my mental restriction on, I can't do that in front of people. They won't understand, I know it's real. I can test one way and the other. After that, I'd test both ways. I'd test with muscle testing first, get the information, and then if I had person, in person, then I'd do electromagnetic measurements on the meridians and find confirmation of what I found.</p><p><br/></p><p>And that would 80% of the points and then I'd go and find a couple more remedies that would balance the other 20% of the points. So each test, just in medicine, each test shows us something a little different. It's a different perspective. So it's, I think it's great to explore different possibilities, as you're able to and see how that works out for you.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I'll be the first to be very interested to hear what you learn. She's been a nurse for a long time. She can see, somebody and she gets a message. She understands something that's going on with them and what they need. She can feel that resonance that, oh, they need, I don't know if, maybe you want to even share your story.</p><p><br/></p><p>Is it okay if I tell the story or do you want to, that's fine. Okay. So a friend and she counsels people for their health and whatnot. He's got a big gut.</p><p><br/></p><p>he's taken medications for hypertension for a long time, and they're not working. And her intuition is getting that he needs microbiome and she has ordered some extra and gives him a bottle. And it's the first thing that lowers his blood pressure right away.</p><p><br/></p><p>Whatever works is great and whatever systems you use, if it's more systematic, it's gonna help you gain more experience, more training, and as you practice, it gets better. As you heal yourself to a higher level, the testing gets better. </p><p><br/></p><h2>The Importance of Practitioner Health</h2><p><br/></p><p>One of the first things that my first mentor told me, a healthy tester is a better tester than one who's not.</p><p><br/></p><p>They did studies, in Europe looking at the subjectivity of the differences between one observer and another. And they came up with one of the concepts in Vega testing called a black band, where you have two practitioners testing the same person, electronic measurements on their body, you know, very objective, but it's not, it's subjective.</p><p><br/></p><p>Involves the practitioner's field, their intentions. It's a complex thing. So there's differences. And they've found, if one practitioner, let's say, has a problem in their colon, they project that on all of their patients. They measure a problem in the colon on all their patients and the other practitioner has a problem in their colon and cannot see anybody's colon problems.</p><p><br/></p><p>It can go both ways with a black band. So just a lack of flexibility and resonance between the inner and outer field of the sensory field and the receiving information, making it into meaning. So then as they heal they both can get more equivalent observations.</p><p><br/></p><p>Well, it's definitely nice to have the uh, energy for life to make sure that you're not missing anything. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh my goodness. Yeah. it's the main thing I rely on now. It would take me an hour, hour and a half to get some similar different perspective, like the difference between, doing an MRI and a CAT scan and a x-Rae and a, an eye exam looking inside the body, in the eye.</p><p><br/></p><p>you're seeing different things but it's all patterns of this one larger pattern, this one organism, this one series of healing, energies. The more you're looking at the energetics and the information, the meaning, the more it's coherent. You look at, you know, on a material level the study at Harvard, they did, biopsy on people who died in their hospital and they wanted to see, "well, what's the diagnosis based on histology?" If we do A biopsy and we put the slide in the microscope those people don't know what the person was diagnosed with and we see what they come up with, and it matched one out of three times. Two out of three times, what they saw on the microscopic level didn't match what was being interpreted at the macroscopic level, on a mostly material level.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Energetic Biocommunication</h2><p><br/></p><p>The real beauty of energetic biocommunication work is we're now, instead of treating the body, which, you know, at the best hospital is wrong, two thirds of the time, we're asking the body and it's telling us where's the stress? Oh, and then these kinds of more back and forth communication, is asking what balances that stress or where's the stress, what's the source of stress and what brings it back into coherence?</p><p><br/></p><p>When the body's in the state of coherence, it's like having an acupuncture treatment every day and the body heals tremendously fast. About a year of healing, reversal of damage and degeneration in one month. And, that's like what we see when the body spontaneously goes into a coherent healing state.</p><p><br/></p><p>We call it spontaneous remission in science, spontaneous as anything else. Meaning there's causes that we want to understand so we can stimulate, have stimulated remission. But, in about three days, metastatic cancer can be gone, sometimes takes longer, but that's the typical is three days with a high fever.</p><p><br/></p><p>But fever. Isn't that a disease? Well, it's treated as a, disease. You're uncomfortable. It's intense. Healing can be intense. I want to make a t-shirt that says " healing is not for sissies." It can be intense going through a healing crisis, but then I've gone through a healing crisis very intense and come out of them oh, my, my consciousness is working better.</p><p><br/></p><p>My brain, my mind is working better now than it has for the last 40 years. Oh, an upgrade. It's worth it. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Exploring Different Healing Tools</h2><p><br/></p><p>I was at a biogeometry lecture the other day, and they were utilizing a pendulum a lot with that. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p>I was thinking maybe I should try it, but maybe I don't really need it. </p><p><br/></p><p>My thought on it is, I mean, ive ive played with pendulum. Rae, the pendulum works really well. It is a primary thing for her. When I tried to teach her muscle testing she had a teacher before me, acupuncturist tried to teach her muscle testing, and that never work for her. But she felt electrical and magnetic sensations in her fingertips when she'd put them near the vials.</p><p><br/></p><p>And so I said you're feeling attraction and repulsion, or electrical energy. I can take that sensation and figure out how you can use that feedback as a way of testing. So she can do that, but it's faster for her with pendulum, it's just more comfortable. Oh, okay. Gotcha. So it's, I think it's great.</p><p><br/></p><p>I would encourage you to play with it. Just explore it. And it probably won't be your primary thing, But you might be talking to someone else who wants to tune into their intuitive body knowledge, and that might be the thing that works for them. So it's great to have a toolbox. </p><p><br/></p><p>yeah. So it's beautiful the way. You have explained it's amazing correlation between iridium gold and rhodium, how we went through body, mind, and spirit and how it correlates in every way. </p><p><br/></p><p>Mm-hmm. </p><p><br/></p><p>I feel that I still need to understand a little more about the rhodium, iridium and the gold.</p><p><br/></p><p>I would read up all these, on the website, mentorship university, the articles, because this is just a starting point. How can I know little further? But otherwise what you mentioned about story really requires a very effective way of storytelling.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><h2>The Power of Storytelling in Medicine</h2><p><br/></p><p>One of my grandest visions would be to be able to make some movies that, are entertaining and real, and showing the quality of how things work in body, mind and spirit in the real world and, historical or science fiction, whatever context, but to generate the cultural transformation of understanding. I think that's how it'll happen is through story.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Critique of Modern Medicine</h2><p><br/></p><p>Historically, that's how medicine changes is the people become aware. It's happening now.</p><p><br/></p><p>People becoming aware, oh, drugs and vaccines and surgery. It's not really solving my problems. It's really making it more complicated. And if you look at the statistics, Americans are the sickest people on the planet right now. We take more drugs, we spend more on that kind of medicine.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was set up to do that. It was set up for profit, for pharmaceuticals, by the Rockefellers. We can look at the history, we can look at the public health statistics and we see, yeah, we're going down the wrong path. once people know, once they see the light, it's they don't want the darkness anymore.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's I don't want to take a drug for this. I think my doctor says there's nothing I can do, but I believe there is. Your spirit knows it's from the future. It knows your future. It knows. Yeah. No, I know that I'm gonna find a solution. Often when people find me, it's because they're looking.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're already looking. They already know that there's something there. Their spirit knows there's something there. So they're not accepting the expert opinion that no, my textbook taught me. What is the evidence that something cannot be healed? What evidence is possible that something's impossible?</p><p><br/></p><p>It's, yeah, it's a philosophical, impossibility. It's just a false statement. It right there in black and white for about so many conditions. If they're degenerative, it's just, no, it's irreversible. Yeah, it's proven false by the first case. And I've seen those for 40 years so yeah.</p><p><br/></p><p>The blind leading the blind the spiritual blind leading those who are becoming blind because they believe it's a belief system. it's a religion in a sense. Scientism is the technical term for a religion that purports to be science. It has all the money and the cultural trappings of these are our high priests.</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, you're a professor. but I find some professors who have some other thoughts. They're rare. The people who think different say, wait a minute, we could do better than that. There's more than that. this is not thrilling me. you got lots of equations on the board to figure out, super string theory, how you can get einsteinian relativity together with quantum dynamics but what does it mean?</p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, we don't know. What's the implications for life? Life and death and afterlife and healing nothing we can make, billions of dollars to smash atoms. And what does it tell us? Tells us what happens when we put so much energy into the stuff we're made out of that we can try to destroy it. at that energy level, it has nothing to do with life. It has to do with death. It's a deadly energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>So let's look at life and let's open our eyes to many experiences, to spiritual experiences, to near death experiences, body experiences. What can that tell us? Oh, the spirit is where consciousness is happening. It can be in the body. And now, we're seeing through the light that comes into these eyes.</p><p><br/></p><p>But when it goes out of the body, we're seeing in a whole new way. It's not limited by this view. It's complete all directions of space. So the spiritual eye can see in all directions, can see through matter. It can see beyond, around the curvature of the earth. It can see all in all space and time, depending on where we look with our mind, that opens up amazing possibilities.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Non-Local Healing and Spiritual Insights</h2><p><br/></p><p> When you have a photograph of someone who's sick and a group of people have their photograph and they're intending healing for that person, that the healing goes to that person without a telephone number, an address, an internet connection, a name, a diagnosis. So our thoughts are non-local.</p><p><br/></p><p>They're not limited by space and time. Wow.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you've heard the other sessions, the amount of energy that's in that non-local field of your spirit is the amount of energy that was released at Hiroshima times six. It's in a coherent state, in a living state, not in a state of destruction and death, which happens in a limited space and time.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, sure. Destroyed a whole city and killed thousands of people in that instant. It has no effect, at other times and other places. Whereas you have potential to affect all time in all space to create, to heal, to love, to live.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a much more powerful energy. There's a book called power versus force. Force is Hiroshima. That's a huge force. You don't have that kind of force. You don't want that kind of force. You don't destroy thousands of people, destroy a city, but you have greater power, power of life, power of healing, power of creativity. You can create something. You create imagery. As a graphic artist, you create an image that exists forever. Even if you created the image, that image is within your spirit that's immortal. The image is created forever. The paper could burn.</p><p><br/></p><p>You've created something that's immortal. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's true. </p><p><br/></p><p>So we're called to use that wisely. Use less, force, more of your power. </p><p><br/></p><p>That's quite profound. I'm going to write this. Thank you. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>I have a question for you, Glen. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Courses and Resources for Further Learning</h2><p><br/></p><p>Number one, where can we find the recordings of your previous, lectures?</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, as they get edited, they'll be in the course. </p><p><br/></p><p>Which website would I have to go to get the mentorship?</p><p><br/></p><p>No. It's on, our clinical platform, which is Practice Better. So it's, Healing Oasis, dot practice better.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>Inside the course there. I'm making two courses. What we're doing now is the live sessions, and I'm putting the edited versions in there for your access.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'll also be putting them into an evergreen version, which is just the recordings. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>And then that'll be available to people that aren't looking for the higher cost of the full interactive and support for training and certification.</p><p><br/></p><p>But will be able to do an educational course available for people as a step. And then they may go through that and decide, oh, I want to get certified in this. Okay. then upgrade to the full interactive education. </p><p><br/></p><p>You've talked about energy for life. You've talked about holding the ampules and then muscle testing. What do you feel about iridology, sclerology, and that type of testing to find out the diagnosis and then hopefully to find out what it is, and then what would we have to do to try and improve?</p><p><br/></p><p>I very much appreciate them. When I first started with all this, I helped develop the computerized biofeedback testing system with iridology and sclerology. I have an appreciation for them. At the same time, I don't have the personal experience of being able to tell what a person needs for their healing. Just to interpret some patterns.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's part of the history for me. But I've talked to an optometrist not too long ago. The amount of information he's describing that he gets from the iris is tremendous. I've thought about just the concept of potentially soft laser frequency stimulation of specific parts of the iris and researching that to see how that might stimulate reflex healing in the connected organs in the body. I think it's certainly interesting avenue to explore.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Sort of syntonics, because we're doing it with frequency of light and syntonics.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mu delta and alpha omega because I've taken the syntonics course as well. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yep. Syntonics is a perfect start for optometrists. How I look at the whole field is photo energetic regulatory medicine. What I studied from Europe with the electroacupuncture, they call it bioenergetic regulatory medicine.</p><p><br/></p><p>What I realized from their research is when they bring a test vial, an energy sample, within a centimeter of the body, the body, reacts.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's not a material communication. It's a photo energetic communication. The body's fundamental system, and recently with my research on collagen, and microtubules, and mitochondria are structured like a laser, and they live and move on the microtubules and everything all connects.</p><p><br/></p><p>Light is the main communication system. </p><p><br/></p><p>And the microtubules are in the living water. Is that where they are? </p><p><br/></p><p>The microtubules are inside. They're the connective tissue within the cell.</p><p><br/></p><p>Okay, </p><p><br/></p><h2>Cellular Intelligence and Microtubules</h2><p><br/></p><p>Now, when a cell divides into two, the microtubules organize around that. They separate the two sets of DNA. There's definitely intelligence in that.</p><p><br/></p><p>There's vision in that. It's an amazing system. So they're like collagen, except they have water in the center. That water is protected and keeps the intracellular photonic communication much more stable. Even if that cell is low energy, it's got that water that's likely to still be living water in the center of the microtubule.</p><p><br/></p><h2>Ionized Water Systems and Their Benefits</h2><p><br/></p><p>And the living water, you have a particular system, I think it's on your remedy match. There's a particular system that you can have, which is five plates or nine plates that will basically ionize the water you're putting it through. Yes. It looks like a reverse osmosis kind of a situation.</p><p><br/></p><p>Beyond that, you'd use reverse osmosis as the first stage, pre-filter so you're taking out toxins and then adding in minerals and separating the positive and negative charges. You drink the alkaline water that's negatively charged. It has like magnesium and extra electrons.</p><p><br/></p><p>The other stream of water is acidic, so it'd be chloride or sulfate and protons. It's acidic.</p><p><br/></p><p>That water physics, in the Nernst equation and the terrain, that's the same physics as the living water. It's positively charged with minerals. it's low in protons, so it's alkaline and it's negatively charged. So it's high in electrons, low in protons.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's the terrain where bacteria live. Remember that mitochondria are bacteria. It's the same physics as our living water. It winds up being about five on average, five water molecules in the ionized water. That's about half the size of a normal water cluster that'll have a positive and negative ion and water structured around that. Because it's half the size, it penetrates 10 times better into the blood, into the tissues, and cells. So it's a better solvent. It carries nutrients in better, carries toxins out better. It easily becomes part of that living water in the body.</p><p><br/></p><p>If I'm thirsty, experienced a hundred times since we started distributing those filters back in the early nineties. I'm very thirsty. I make a glass of ionized water. I drink it. As soon as I have a mouth full of water, it feels like 60% of it is absorbing directly into my tissues.</p><p><br/></p><p>And I swallow only 40%. Other people have the same experience. I'm pretty sure that's what's happening. I took a big gulp full in my mouth and I swallowed a little bit. I can feel the energy of it. It's the same energy as in that living water.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's negatively charged. It's loaded with electrons, which means it's antioxidant water. Any protons become molecular hydrogen. Two protons with two electrons makes molecular hydrogen, which is the perfect antioxidant, or electrons alone.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's really the same thing in the, Bioelectronics of Vincent, where they measure the terrain. They measure the rH2, which is the molecular hydrogen potential. That's their measure of electrons in the water, and they measure pH for the measurement of protons in the water. Then they also measure the conductivity or resistivity, which is a measure of total ion content.</p><p><br/></p><p>Two systems. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Comparing Water Ionizer Systems</h2><p><br/></p><p>On your site, there's a five and a nine. What's the difference? </p><p><br/></p><p> There's five different systems. I've got the 13 plate. If it was a hospital, I would have the 13 plate.</p><p><br/></p><p>If you have a patient who has gangrene, you want to use as strong as possible of acid water. In the hospitals in Japan, they call it superoxide water. They also use it as a pesticide to replace 70% of the pesticides on golf courses, when they buy one of those, a commercial unit.</p><p><br/></p><p>Mm. </p><p><br/></p><p>But the five plate unit is perfectly sufficient for the average person, a health practitioner, a health center, and a company that wants their employees to be healthier. Five plate is great. It's stronger than what you get at twice the price from a good company, Japanese, but it's an older design and it's a higher cost.</p><p><br/></p><p>The ones we distribute are American made. They don't make the platinum coated electrodes. This company uses the ones made in Korea and they're excellent. It would be better than the Chinese ones. </p><p><br/></p><p>So this would be a better system than a reverse osmosis system.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, it'll include reverse osmosis in the process.</p><p><br/></p><p>So for the average house and the average use for the average person, the five plates is sufficient, and the plates have to be changed every once in a while. </p><p><br/></p><p>The plates last for many years. It's a good investment.</p><p><br/></p><p>You change the pre-filters? Yes. Periodically. Like any filter </p><p><br/></p><p>Right? Yeah. Okay. And it's through the website, through your Remedy Match website? Yes. Because I see it, there's a couple of them, and you're absolutely right. There's 15 plates and there's five, and then there's a nine. So the five is sufficient.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. that's one. And there could be too many options. The advantage of the nine plate would be it would work for gangrene, that kind of thing.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's strong enough to dissolve pesticides off of produce. They spray pesticides on the plants with an oil to make it stick. It's alkaline enough, stronger than you'd want to drink, but the highly alkaline water will emulsify the oils and it'll make the water cloudy, murky.</p><p><br/></p><p>So you'll know, oh, okay. It's a good thing I soaked those vegetables. Because they weren't organic, the claimed organic or the organic farm is downwind from the people that are spraying </p><p><br/></p><p>May I ask, what product is this? </p><p><br/></p><h2>Applications and Benefits of Ionized Water</h2><p><br/></p><p>I call it, living water Ionizers. It's Life Ionizers, an American company. We're a distributor. It's on website. </p><p><br/></p><p>Is it on your </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, on the Remedy Match site. Okay. It would also probably be on sites for My Healing Oasis or Wholistic Healing Oasis.</p><p><br/></p><p>How does that compare with Kangan Water? </p><p><br/></p><p>It's a more up to date American design, produces stronger ionized water for a lower cost.</p><p><br/></p><p>They also do supply the pre-filters based on your local water supply. Tell them zip code and they'll look it up and see what the water testing shows there.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's gonna be very similar for community water supplies. </p><p><br/></p><p>It produces stronger. </p><p><br/></p><p>ionization. </p><p><br/></p><p>Oh, ionization.  </p><p><br/></p><p>Lower cost. It's just a stronger unit with a more modern design.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because the Kangen is network marketed there's more marketing costs in that, too. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. Good to know. </p><p><br/></p><p>They're doing a good job of educating people. And they're helping people. In Japan, the doctors can prescribe these for people with diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol, aging related things.</p><p><br/></p><p>When I was there, 45 years ago, 10% of the homes had them because somebody was prescribed for and everybody gets to use it. And there were little units that friends had, that would just do a batch. </p><p><br/></p><p>That is cool. Thank you. </p><p><br/></p><p>It's amazing technology.</p><p><br/></p><p>In the hospitals that have the technology, they also don't use any topical antibiotics. They apply water. The acid water. Your body has an acid mantle. When I bathe, I use the acid water as my rinse. I use alkaline water... I actually use baking soda in the water to make the alkaline wash, just a little tiny bit. Now that we have a new unit, I'll try that and see if I just use the strongest alkaline water for the wash. And then the acid water for the rinse. Acid is great for cleaning surfaces, washing the skin.</p><p><br/></p><p>You want to leave the skin with an acid mantle. And by not using soap, you're not stripping the oils that are part of the acid mantle, the fatty acids. By doing that, you're preserving the fatty acids of the skin. Your body says, oh, I didn't lose all my fatty acids. I don't have to make more oil. So your skin and your hair becomes less oily.</p><p><br/></p><p>So you don't need to wash it really often. With soap, because your body has to make more oil to replace what you took off, and you're leaving it alkaline. Soap is alkaline. So the body " oh, we need the acid mantle to protect from infection and all that." I'm bad for the soap companies.</p><p><br/></p><p>I know we don't even wash our mouth out with soap that we call toothpaste. Sodium laurel sulfate is the base of almost every toothpaste. It's soap. It makes bubbles, right? You scrub, you get bubbles. We've been trained to think that means we're cleaning something, but it's not what we need. I don't know if you know about the wicking toothbrush. That's what people use traditionally around the world.</p><p><br/></p><p>If they have neem trees, they take a neem stick, chew it to make bristles, and then use that just to kind of wiggle. And it sucks the bacteria and food particles out of the gum line and between the teeth. It's a wicking action. we have a toothbrush with natural bristles that does that, and tooth powder to mineralize and put the microbiome in, and herbs for health and comfort.</p><p><br/></p><p>We just put the powder on the toothbrush and brush?</p><p><br/></p><p>Just put a little powder in your mouth and it's a tiny bit. It goes a long way.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wow. Thank you for tonight's information.</p><p><br/></p><p>It's a lot to absorb.</p><p><br/></p><p>Wait till we get into practical application. This stuff is mind blowing fun. Let's see what's possible. Then when we get into applying it on ourselves and others that's the real payday when people improve things that, " nope, there's nothing you can do about."</p><p><br/></p><p>So would the first client be ourselves?  </p><p><br/></p><h2>Electroacupuncture and Personal Experiences</h2><p><br/></p><p>That's how it was for me. My wife, my father, those were my first test subjects for a couple months. I was learning the electro acupuncture.</p><p><br/></p><p>It was a lot of practice. I was testing myself, my points every day. I was updating my Remedy program at least once a week, sometimes twice. Because I was supposed to go blind and then I found out I'm gonna be dead before that. So I didn't know, am I gonna be able to beat this and live to 40 or not?</p><p><br/></p><p>I was on it practicing, practicing, practicing. And then I had the first patient who became a client to test electronically, and saved her left breast for sure. Probably saved her ability to have marriage, and children, and probably saved her life.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because, if they did radical mastectomy, they probably would've been treating her with radiation and chemo, too. All of those are carcinogenic and she already had some of that terrain and some, effects showing up in her vision field.</p><p><br/></p><p>So, it's a course correction. We have a rocket. What direction is it headed? Okay, we're going to work intensively to change that direction for a little while. Now it's going a different direction. And the outcome, 10, 20, 30, 40 years later, I would've been dead at 40 at the outside, and I'm 70. So 30 more years of having fun with this.</p><p><br/></p><p>Hey, Glen... had a meeting. Great to see you. </p><p><br/></p><p>I had a question. That impedance device that you had on one of the slides, is that something that you used and that was pertinent to you?</p><p><br/></p><p>It was my pathway to learning and working with people, and used it for decades. It's a big learning curve so you have to learn the points. That's something that we can do. I'm happy to, if you feel, or someone feels really drawn to that, if you have an intuition that that's a direction for you to explore.</p><p><br/></p><p>At this point. What's that? It's more of a question. Yeah. I was curious because that looks it might be something that you could use as a cross reference, but I'm not sure. I've never used one before.</p><p><br/></p><p>Perspective would be, if you feel that you would have the focus, the energy to learn where the points are. I would teach you what's called the CMP points, the control measurement points, one on each side of each finger and toe. So 40 points. That's the overall best measurement of that whole meridian on that side of the body.</p><p><br/></p><p>if you'd be likely to practice for say half an hour a day for a few months, I'd say, absolutely. Given the relatively low cost of that device I'd say, if that's not a big deal and something that you feel like exploring.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, you wouldn't have to be committed to that, but that's what it would take to really get to a level of proficiency where you'd feel oh, okay, now I have this family member, I have this client, or on myself, whatever. I have something going on.</p><p><br/></p><p>I'd really like to know what's going on with them on the meridians. And to be able to then bring, whether it's light frequencies or material remedies, herbs, into that person's field, and measure how their body changes in response to that instantaneously. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><h2>Muscle Testing and Alternative Diagnostic Tools</h2><p><br/></p><p>Maybe another question would be if we're not having to use something like that device, then, will you be learning your method of muscle testing or intuitive testing?</p><p><br/></p><p>Well, I'm sharing the whole range that I'm aware of because I want that available to you. Okay. So, yes, I'm happy to guide and assist with the muscle testing, the stick plate, the pendulum, dowsing rods.</p><p><br/></p><p>I wouldn't recommend them for medical dowsing of where's the problem in the body? Or you could do it even mentally testing, because it's just amplifying the body's response. But where I found those indispensable is looking for subtle energy fields, water streams and fault lines. You're in California, there could be a fault line under that person's bed.</p><p><br/></p><p>In Germany, when they have a room where three generations of people have died of cancer sleeping in that room, you cannot sell that as a bedroom. It's a room in the house. It's not a bedroom. Because we have the history, the experience of it. So it probably, because there's some kind of geopathic zone there, which I talk about in depth in my Electromagnetic Pollution Solutions book.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. Okay. So there are tools. What I really love, and why I would first promote, play with these different forms of muscle testing, pendulum, dowsing, stick plates, because that's a much faster learning curve. It's just based on thought energy.</p><p><br/></p><p>But then you can bring the material or energetic stimuli into the picture and say, well, if I look at mu delta, the yellow green color, what's my body's response? Oh, that's a stress. Okay. I had a friend in naturopathic school, and I put him on yellow green, Mu Delta, and he had an immediate bowel release reaction, and learned from him.</p><p><br/></p><p>okay, there's people who are very sensitive and he was just wonderful guy, brilliant mind, but his body was on the edge and he was being balanced, staying in balance with homeopathy. And this drew him out of balance because it's so cleansing. He didn't take it well, but from my perspective, was showing me, yeah. Okay. The homeopathy can balance the symptoms, but it's not getting to a deeper level of detoxification that would bring them into a stable state. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Perspective, why multiple modalities, multiple perspectives. Oh, it gives us more flexibility.</p><p><br/></p><p>We're trying to traverse this terrain with this person. We don't know everything about them. What are the possibilities? Where can we go, what can we give to support or stimulator, balance or stabilize? When do we back off when we're pushing too hard? </p><p><br/></p><h2>Practical Applications and Case Studies</h2><p><br/></p><p>Like one of my first clients with the electrodermal testing, who was blind with cataracts, lived on a mountain in Vermont, could eat two foods, couldn't handle any solvents, so no printed matter, no electricity in the cabin.</p><p><br/></p><p>Took her two weeks in a hospital recovering from the first set of remedies, just one dose of the first set of remedies that balanced her energies. but she was looking for some kind of therapy that she could do to begin the healing process to get out of that state of hypersensitivity.</p><p><br/></p><p>So the second month she came back, and I didn't sell her any supplements, but I made test vials and had her hold them in her hand. She said that that started the healing process. Holding those in her hands two minutes, twice a day was the perfect dose for her. </p><p><br/></p><p>Okay. </p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah, it's a big range of possibilities.</p><p><br/></p><p>That's right. I have a page called titration, which means to adjust doses for that individual's needs. The titration protocol is written up on the clinical practice website under protocols, and I give that to people. I give them the link when I'm talking about that. You need to take the smallest pinch you can out of that capsule.</p><p><br/></p><p>I've got a woman right now who's in a wheelchair. She can barely move a couple fingers to get the wheelchair to activate and has to have a couple people to move to a toilet or bed. It takes her two hours to eat what she can eat of a meal.</p><p><br/></p><p>Because she can't swallow. She can't swallow a capsule, but, sent her capsules, open the capsules, take a tiny pinch, get that into the meal and we'll see where that goes. I've seen people get out of a wheelchair. Had to be carried up our front steps for months, and then they come, down the line, and want to show me how they can walk. They're gonna walk up the steps without the walking stick. Pretty cool.</p><p><br/></p><p>I know you folks see that in your practice as well with vision in your health center. To me that's the number one pay, the number two pay that's on a different level is this getting to see how this works that's above and beyond what we had in textbooks in school.</p><p><br/></p><p>Yeah. I'm gravitating more towards the muscle testing and the other forms, pendulum or other things because they are so subtle. And I think that has a lot more bearing than limiting it to something that is very mind oriented, which is having to prove it with something that's electronic.</p><p><br/></p>